2 girls 1 cup,Quite possibly the most shameless and disgusting video involving feces out there right now.
2g1c,Abbreviation for the internet phenomenon known as Two Girls, One Cup. For those in the know, this is selfexplanatory. If you haven't seen it, please don't look it up. Although now, I know you will. A short summary: this is a video that starts innocently enough with two girls surprise! kissing each other, when for some reason, the next step amounts to one of the girls taking a fat steaming shit into a clear glass. It's actually pretty amazing at first, as it seems that the girl's rectum is in all actuality a chocolate ice cream dispenser. Once the cup is full, the girls dig in. They proceed to eat and then smear fecal matter all over each other. Then, as if that wasn't enough, vomiting is introduced into the scene, and.. well.. it just goes downhill from there. If you really must see this video, do yourself a favor and have someone film you when you first see it. This is another offshoot of this, as people have taken to filming reactions to 2g1c, which are funnier than the original.
5h1t,shit
5hit,hit is just an internet slang for shit...
@$$,Censored spelling of ass.
Alcoholic,n. a college student
Amateur,Something that is done sloppily, halfassed, or in an amateaur manner.
Analphabet,When someone fists you in the ass and they start saying the alphabet outloud.
Anarchist,One who aims to create anarchy, a society within which individuals freely cooperate together as equals. Somebody who opposes all forms of hierarchical control  be that control by the state or a capitalist  as harmful to the individual and their individuality as well as unnecessary.
Ape,An Ape, also known as a smoothbrain is an individual who knows nothing else other than BuyHODL. This is his code. He does not play into FUD but instead cracks open a new box of crayons for an afternoon snack. Trying to fight against an Ape is futile as Apes of this class tend to stand together in massive numbers. They are often seen trading hard earned bananas for stonks and a possibility of earning tendies in return. They dont know when the tendies will come however and this is why HODL. Their overall unwillingness to sell, despite shill attacks, hedgie threats, and mainstream media FUD has earned them the title of having whats known in nature as Diamond Hands the strongest force found here on Earth. A force underestimated by the apes mortal enemy known as shitadelThese Apes currently desire to live on the moon using rocket ships with pretty colors. Not much else is known about this Ape community but if you ever run into one you might just hear them whisper This is the way right before getting hit in the face with feces. This is the way.
Arse,The original spelling of the word that has now been high jacked by the dumbarse yanks  still means a rear end or stupid.
Arselicker,noun, an anilingus performer
Ass,The sexiest object in the universe.
Ass master,A dude who's really good at buttfucking.
Ass-kisser,a person who sucks up to people in a position of authority in order to get some kind of reward or perks
Ass-nugget,clump of golden corn in your shit
Ass-wipe,A complete moron; without a clue
Asshole,The worst kind of person.  You cannot fully construct a meaning that fully encompasses what this vicious insult means.  If you're an asshole, you are disgusting, loathesome, vile, distasteful, wrathful, belligerent, agoraphobic, and more.  Assholes are human fecal matter.  They are the lowest of the low.  They transcend all forms of immorality.  It is the very worst of insults; to be called an asshole is to have your very soul ripped apart and shat on.  I say that the word "asshole" is the worst cussword of the english language, worst than fuck, shit, and cunt combined.
Baby,Baby
Backwoodsman,A person who is capable, of not only living off the land like his manly men who came before him, but is also capable of not being reliant on bullshit like cell phones, the interwebs, or fucking starbucks. A man who is able to follow up the killing of a grizzly bear with a mighty chest beating, like an adrenaline fueled silver back. This man can build a house out of mother nature, and eat her animals, and wash it down with a mighty man made wilderness beverage.
Bandit,a thief
Barbar,The condition of having no civilizing influences or refined culture; ignorance or crudity; savage violence or cruelty.
Bastard,Bastard
Beavis,one of the two main characters from the MTV show "Beavis and Butthead"
Beginner,boys or girls learning to skate because they love it
Biest,Bastard spoken in a northern US accent, especially relevant when the subject is a really big bastard who likes to tout his bastardom all across Midamerica
Bitch,Someone who is inconsiderate and insensitive.
Blubber gut,an overly overweight slob whose belly jiggles when they do anything
Bogeyman,A monster used to threaten children.
Booby,The best damn things since peanut butter.
Boozer,Boozer
Bozo,Bozo
Brain-fart,When you are attempting to remember something very obvious, someting that you know you should know. This feeling often leads to head banging and hair pulling.
Brainless,A person that acts without any care of what'll be the consequences of what he's doing. Also a stupid, superficial, dull person.
Brainy,describes a very smart person
Breeder,slang term used by some childfree people for one who has a child andor has many after that, refuses to discipline the children, thinks the sun rises and sets for their children, look down upon people who do not have children, and are in general very selfish and greedy when it comes to their whims and those of their children, especially if they can use their parenthood status or their children as an excuse to get their way. A female breeder is commonly called a moo, and a male breeder a duh.
Brontosaurus,A big ass burger
Brownie,Brownie
Bugger,An exclamation to a really bad occurence
Bugger silly,British origin.
Bulloks,British term that literally means "balls" or testicles.
Bum,To get something from someone else for free. Also used to borrow, but with the understanding that repayment might not happen.
Bum-fucker,A women who dates a man without a job, car, or house.
Butt,Butt
Buttfucker,What happens to you when you use AOL.
Butthead,A very immature and young name to call someone
Callboy,The best Electronicore band there ever was. In the unreleased version of the bible it says that even jesus enjoyed their music.
Callgirl,British: woman working either as an escort, at the higher end of the sex industry, or as a sex worker, prostitute, at its bottom end.
Camel,Camel
Cannibal,is the act or phrase of one human being consuming another. There is little evidence that cannibalism was ever practiced as a routine source of nutrition. It is generally agreed the practice usually carried a special meaning for its practitioners.
Cave man,To walk up to a friend's house unannounced and just knock on their door. It's the way the cave men did it before phones.
Chaot,A practitioner of Chaos Magick.
Cheater,A fucking asshole that is supposed to be your best friend then decides that you're too far away to be faithful, and that some one night stand is more important of the years you've spent together. Hope it was worth it.
Clit,Bastardization of clitoris.
Clown,Look in the mirror.
Cock master,Man or Woman, but more suited towards the female sex. A middle aged woman who has had ALOT of cock and has children to show as a result, thus showing a true mastering of the cock. Typically has had so much cock that the vagina and anus have merged as one orrifice as a result of wear.
Cock up,Another word for screwup or screwup; to err.
Cockboy,a boy or man who is in love with cock.
Cockfucker,the worst kind of fucker
Cocklump,A hidden lump on the shaft of a man ...aka "DICKHEAD" "DOUCHBAG" OR "ASSHOLE" WHICH HE THINKS HIS PENIS IS BIG BUT..... Actually its a very small lump aka. Small penis
Cockroach,Person who has no honor...an unloyal person,a person who goes against their word.
Coky,Wonderful and lovely person who just happens to have a coke habit and smurfish qualities
Con merchant,A particularly nasty individual or groupcompany whowhich attempts to get one over on you or dupe you.
Con-man,Back formation of "confidence man". One who gains the trust, or "confidence", of his victims often called marks in order to manipulate, steal from, or otherwise predate upon them. U.S. slang, late 1800s
Country bumpkin,Someone that is sheltered from modern society by being from the sticks.
Cow,A cow is a domesticated bovine that can be used for meat, leather, milk and miscellaneous byproducts. It is cattle and is well known for grazing; standing around in grass fields eating grass. Despite the seeming blankness of a cow chewing cud, it is actually an intelligent animal and its social interactions are very complex. Animal rights activists maintain that they share many mental similarities with humans, and given this, there is little wonder why the Hindus regard cows as sacred. However, the denotative meaning of the word cow is much more positive than its many connotations. Perhaps the origin of these negative connotations stem from mankinds misunderstanding and exploitation of these gentle giants.
Creep,Drive or move slowly on foot, on the way to do an illegal job.
Cretin,A person who has little or no intelligence. They usually act without thinking resulting in upsettingannoying others.
Criminal,when something is completely and utterly bad
Cunt,A person so vile as to be without any redeeming feature.
Cunt sucker,The words you aren't allowed to say on TV  because they are always swears as compiled my George Carlin.
Daywalker,The Daywalker is a Ginger that does not burn in direct sunlight. Hated by true Gingers, the Daywalker can sustain extended periods in sunlight and even has traces of a soul. Because they are still part Ginger, freckles may or may not be present.
Desperado,outlaw. Current literature indicates that desperado is derived from the spanish term desesperado which means a person with no hope. The term comes from esperanza which means hope. Adding des to the front makes it an antonym. Changing the ending anza to ado makes it an adjective and desesperado means a person with no hope.  While this may be logical, it intuitively does not seem to fit well. I sounds like an Ivy league researcher explanation.  I spoke with  Native American oral historian and their oral history says that the term evolved in this fashion:
Devil,The chief devil; Satan.
Dickhead,a person who is an idiot and shows it all too well
Dinosaur,The best animal known to man kind they are not extinct like many think they are just in the witness protection program much love for these fantastic animals
Do-Do,To go to sleep. Used in French Louisiana and New Orleans. Pronounced "dohdoh," as opposed to doodoo, which means feces.
Dog,Newcastle Brown Ale
Dog dirty,A term used to describe someone who is about to get their grind on with a lady.
Dogshit,Noun
Donkey,You say it when someone says some dumbass shit
Doublelift,verb.
Drakula,A big fucking nerd who owes Moon Knight money
Dreamer,Dreamer
Drinker,A baby, used as an insult. The insult seems to predate Skyrim, and may have origins in Scottish culture.
Drunkard,A drunken person who acts like a retard. A drunken retard.
Dufus,dummy, fool, idiot
Dulles,it means Boring
Dumbcunt,A term of derision or endearment formed by joining the word "dumb" and the word "cunt" into a descriptive noun.  The term is NOT gender specific, although it is most commonly directed at males, by other males esp. in Australia.
Dumbo,A disney movie about a flying fucking elephant
Dummy,A Baltimore Slang term used to address everybody no matter the situation
Dumpy,Someone who is unusually fat and short at the same time. It does not have anything to do with a dumpster or being dirty. It is very similar to a chode, a penis that is fatter than it is long. Many girls can be called dumpy even if they are just a little bit squat.
Egoist,Someone who realizes that acting in their own rational selfinterest is more important than living up to other people's expectations or trying to please society; someone who is proud of their own accomplishments and knows that his life has great value.
Eunuch,a male whose balls have been removed, either for government service such as in ancient Africa and Rome or, if the castration takes place before puburty, to prevent the voice from breaking Italian opera's male sopranos of the 17th thru 19th centuries. In the present day, this sort of eunuch may result from testicular cancer.
Exhibitionist,Usually a wild chick who forthrightfully declares she gets off on doing it in public areasand proceeds to "exibit"  such.
Fake,Someone who acts fake is someone who talks shit about a certain person, and then when that certain person is around they are nice to them
Farmer,Farmer
Fart,The cry of the imprisoned terd.
Fart shitty,Same as calling someone shithead.
Fatso,A word usually used as insult to overweight people. Usually used by children.
Fellow,a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman;
Fibber,An FBI agent.
Fish,Fish
Fixer,Real estate term referring to a house so dilapidated that even fixing it UP wouldn't make it attractive.
Flake,Flake
Freak,A girl who is most likely very innocentlooking and often shy, but when it comes to sex likes to be kinky etc.
Frog,Frog
Fuck,An extremely flexible, magic word that exists in nearly every part of speech. It can be used as a noun, verb, adjective, and adverb.
Fuck face,someone you don't like
Fuck head,One who is very stupid.  Usually refering to being fucked in the head.  Intellectually challenged.
Fuck noggin,one who is an extream douchbag. and is totally stupid.
Fuck off,telling someone to go away.
Fucker,Me
Gangster,A badass dude usually associated with the mafia. Not to be confused with some lame ass nigga that thinks he is bad because he has a group of friends he does stupid things with that can't spell worth a shit.
Ghost,To avoid someone until they get the picture and stop contacting you.
God,God
Goose,honk honk honk honk honk
Gorilla,An extremely muscularbuff person, also called "juiceheads". Frequently used term on the Jersey Shore.
Grouch,n. A person who acts as a bitter bitch.
Grumpy,slang term for the act of defocating.
Head fat,Someone with a head the size of a watermelon on top of their neck. Usually they will claim that it is their hair that makes their head so big they can not even wear a standard hat, unless it was made for an elephant, but in the end their skull really his at minimum the size of a bowling ball, and usually their brain is about the size of a pea. Even though their head is unusually large, they are quite retarded and often times have what is known as "FatHead Syndrome". That is where they think they know everything, and have advice on things they have never even done before. FatHead Syndrome also gives said fat headed person an ego the size of their dome, which makes them think they are a badass. Most commonly a fat headed person will work out all the time so they can try to grow their small bodies to match their fat ass head.
Hell dog,where mike vick is headed, somewhere you don't wanna go.
Hillbilly,Often used as an insult and racial slur against White folks who live in the country. A hillbilly is a person who lives in a remote, rural area in the South, often in the Appalachian Or sometimes Ozark Mountains and therefore is isolated and somewhat out of touch with modern culture.
Hippie,A Hippie is a person who was raised under the ideological system that came out of the tumultuous 1960's in North America and western Europe. They are either of the flowerchildbaby boomer generation or that generations' subsequent offspring. They possess a core belief set revolving around the values of peace and love as being essential in an increasingly globalized society, and they are oftentimes associated with nonviolent antigovernmental groups. There is a stigma of drug abuse attached to the hippies that is prevalent to this day, specifically the use and abuse of marijuana and hallucinagens. Many rock movements,poets, artists, and writers from the 1960's to today have associated with this movement, most prominently The Grateful Dead, Bob Dylan, Janis Joplin, and Phish. There are others too numerous to name. The movement, then and now, is considered a subculture by sociologists that associates itself with the left in all its political opinions. The conservative right often berates and abuses the opinions of people who associate themselves with the hippie movement andor lifestyle, as the consider it dangerous and degenerative to a society to favor liberalism to such an extent.
Homo,Gay man, short for homosexual
Hooligan,Orignally started in England as a family of Irish named the "Hoolihans" caused trouble in a particular area of England, as the Hoolihans spread in notoreity of bein aggressive, violent and dangerous they were mentioned in a newspaper that wrongly spelt their name as "Hooligan" since then Hooligan has been a reference to aggressive, dangerous, violent, abusive, loutish and other behaviours
Horse fucker,somebody who engages in sexual intercoarse with a horse
Idiot,Trump
Ignoramus,Officially: An offensive term that deliberately insults somebody's level of intelligence or education.
Jack-ass,A person who is so damn ignorant that the things they do cause you and your friends to laugh even though it causes them Pain.
Jerk,The kind of guy most girls ACTUALLY want when they say they want a Nice Guy.
Junkey,A femalemale who can't get enough cum in hisher pussyass
Killer,very cool
LEN,Len Kagamine is the second vocaloid, along with Rin Kagamine, in Crypton Future Media's 'Character Vocal' series, including Miku Hatsune, Luka Megurine, and and unnamed CV04.
Lard face,A white person's fat face.
Learner,The inability for a certain period of time to learn something, no matter how hard you try.  When the block is broken, you are able to learn again.
Liar,a person who doesn't tell you the truth
Looser,A looser is a loser who can't spell "loser".
Lucky,As in the number seven. Serendipity shit.
Lumpy,Another word for when a person gets an erection in an awkward situation.
Macho,male who cannot "lose face" in front of his mates or women. most macho men have the emotional range of a teaspoon and have  enough empathy to fill the ink tube in a pen.
Macker,Macker n.: A man who hits on, flirts with, or seduces a female by using verbal or sometimes physical means of persuasion; a man who is not interested in a relationship, but short term gratification and who sweet talks you to get it.
Man old,your dad
Minx,An alluring, cunning, or boldly flirtatious girl or young woman. Has unusual seductive powers such that she could commit acts that would otherwise be considered inappropriate, while still maintaining an air of class or poise.
Missing link,A man who is covered head to toe with thick and wiry hair. He's so hairy, he's the missing link that connects humans to apes.
Monster,The best damn energy drink ever made! Comes in Regular, LoCarb, Assualt, and KHAOS
Motherfucker,used for comparison.
Mutant,A hideously ugly, repulsive, decrepid, foul, grotesque, unsightly, horrid, illproportioned, mangy, haggard, crude, bloated or generally ghastly person or being. 2.One who repulses.
Neanderthal,A primitive, savage or uncivilized person.
Nobody,A perfect person.
Nurd,A nerd who is neither geeky nor dorky.  A nerd who knows who he is and what he is, and is confident in his superiority.  A nerd neither lacking in social skills nor friendships.  What all nerds aspire to become.
Nuts numb,Lacking intelligence.
Oddball,An eccentric individual ;irregular; instigator; jinx; not part of the group; out of the ordinary; nonstandard; outcast; singled out; one of a kind; out of the blue; out of nowhere; outsider; radical
Oger,A sloppy, overweight, cheating, swamp infested poon having girl. Typically with blonde hair. These creatures are found near small lakes.
Oil dick,THE FLUID COMING OUT OF YOU DICK
Old fart,An old man, an old fellowconsidered offensive to the elderly
Original,Probably the hardest thing to be nowadays.
Outlaw,Outlaw
Pack,Somebody dead manshomies
Pain in the ass,Thing that bothers you very much, but it's hard or inappropriate to put them on the table to talk about because of the bothermaker's identity.
Pencil dick,Someone with a long but extremely thin penis, resembling a pencil.
Pervert,An individual who's actions or behaviours deviate from what is normal, moral or tastefull. A matter of opinion or fact.
Piggy-wiggy,Best girlfriend.
Pirate,Pirate
Prick,n.: A total asshole, jerk, or jackoff or jagoff.
Prolet,ProleteR is a band that makes electronicjazz music with trumpets, pianos and other instruments it is a small band that usually never use singers in their music
Queer,A large umbrella word for all the LGBTQIA community.
Querulant,In the legal profession and courts, a querulant is a person who obsessively feels wronged, particularly about minor causes of action. Specifically, the term is used for those who repeatedly petition authorities or pursue legal actions based on manifestly unfounded grounds. These applications usually include complaints about petty offenses. Querulant behavior is to be distinguished from either the obsessive pursuit of justice regarding major injustices, or the proportionate, reasonable, pursuit of justice regarding minor grievances.
Rat-fink,Tattletale, stool pigeon, squealer, snitch, doublecrosser, weasel.
Reject,Someone who gets rejected from a group of friends or basiclly life
Retard,The only word in the world that is considered offensive when used properly and used improperly. If used as a replacement for the word stupid someone will immediately point out how you're being offensive. On the contrary, if you call someone who is mentally handicapped retarded, you will also be called offensive.
Riff-Raff,Unsavory people in our society. People you do not want to be associated with.
Ripper,Originating in the Yayarea.. The Term rippers is a girl who sucks and get her vaginal walls ripped by any dude.. And in most cases she wears her beauty supply slippersripper slippers and they run in packs.
Roboter,scariest fucking thing on earth.
Rowdy,crazy, insane, hype, unreal made popular from EzFang and Chengman
Rufian,a really bad situation; an adjective used to describe a situation where you feel scammed or taken advantage of
Sack,nA piecce of fabric one carries possessions in.
Sadist,One who gets pleasure often sexual from the suffering of others. It is a common myth that sadists like masochists, however the true sadist can get no pleasure from the pain he causes the masochist because the masochist is enjoying it.
Sandler,Sandler
Saprophyt,a plant, fungus, or microorganism that lives on dead or decaying organic matter.
Satan,The supreme evil spirit in the Abrahamic religions, who tempts humanity and rules Hell; the Devil;  the same figure, regarded as a deity to be revered and worshipped.
Scarab,Strange, twitchy and generally creepy style of movement. Most commonly manifested in a quick scurrying walk.
Schfincter,The lower part of a male in between the legs where the testicels are.
Shark,Unlike some of the retarded, sexually related definitions on UrbanDictionary, this is the real meaning. A sea animal completely misunderstood because of the terror that Jaws brought. When they attack you, it's mainly because they misinterpret you as a seal their eyesight is poor, and they rarely kill anyone. Tigers and elephants kill 200 people a year...sharks: 7. Yet people continue to save up for "Save the ElephantTiger" funds.
Shit eater,a person who experiences intense orgasm while ingesting massive amounts of fecal matter from their sex partner.
Shithead,Shatheed
Simulant,A first person shooter made by Valve Industries to make money
Skunk,Strong Weed. Ridiculously strong. Usually grown outdoors. It is a guaranteed fuckingup. This is the kind of weed that leaves you sitting there giggling for twenty minutes, your legs numb, your mind completely bricked, and your hands so twitchy you keep spilling the bongwater all over the floor.
Skuz bag,Sex with your cuz
Slave,Slave
Sleeze,A person with low moral standards, often very promiscuous.
Sleeze bag,A low class person who does not shower, shave, or go to work.
Slimer,One Who Slimes
Slimy bastard,A sneaky assh0le that'll do anything for his own benefits while covering up his tracks and showing that ingenuine smile of brightness
Snail,When someone pretends to give you a fist bump but at the last moment goes under and sticks out two fingers, making a snail. One person's fist is the shell and other person's hand makes up the body, with the fingers as the eye stalks.
Snake,Snake
Snob,Anyone who thinks they are better than someone else based upon superficial factors.
Snot,Adj. The Luddite equivalent of spam. Designation for hardcopy junk mail: from "SN"ail n"OT" wanted.
Son of a bitch,The Funniest Thing Your Mom Can Call You.
Stinker,A person who lacks intelligence or stupid
Stripper,An individual; male or female, with the athletic prowess of a jungle cat and the tits or balls enough to take off their clothes and dance around butt naked in front of a crowd of people for tips. These people are adept in the art of flirting, fantasy creation and erotic dance. Not a profession for the weak willed or faint of heart, it is an art not understood by many and thus often disrespected.
Stunk,When you wake up the next morning and you are still hammereddrunktankedwastedinebriated from any variety of heavy drinking the previous night. adj, Stilldrunk
Swindler,someone who cheats you out of something
Swine,A "swine" can be a "pig" or someone who you dislike or when they are unknowledgeable .
Teletubby,Teletubby
Thief,one who steals
Tussi,it's a ghetto ass deoderant
Typ,An abbreviation for the word typical.
Unlike,A comparative phrase meaning "possessing no great dissimilarity from, but not neccesarily possessing similarity to."
Vampir,Something that does not sparkle.
Vandale,Sandals that are made out of old Vans shoes.
Varmit,an awnryornery, peskypesty, grouchy, cantankerous, belligerent, tetchy, argumentative, crabby, unreasonable, or bad tempered HUMAN BEING OR CREATURE
Wallflower,Someone who could be called shy, someone who doesn't feel comfortable around other people. They don't like to have attention on them because it makes them uncomfortable. They like to stay off to the side at parties or dances. They have trouble talking to people because they don't know what to say. Talking to new people is not their strongest point, and standing up in front of people can make them feel awful. They may act fake around their friends to hide their real quiet personality, but to everyone else, they're invisible. Just because they're "antisocial" doesn't mean they're snobby. They just would rather watch then be involved. They know things about people that you would never know unless you watched as closely as them. You could tell anything to a wallflower and they'd never tell anyone because they try to avoid talking to people. They can be the best people, if you take the time to crack their thick shell. The opposite sex doesn't seem to consider them very much, but if you got to know them, they'd be great. They are usually attracted to other wallflowers because they are like eachother. Wallflowers are beautiful.
Wanker,A british term for "one who masterbates". Commonly used as an insult
Wanker bloody,A British insult. Usually "bloody" means "fucking" in America. Bloody wanker would mean in America "fucking dickhead"
Weeze Bag,weeze bag is a talk alot who tries to make you laugh at their jokes...
Whore,A woman very willing to participate in sexual acts including but not limited to: making sex, sending nudes, accepting money for sex, ect. Generally insecure and lacking self respect and morals.
Wierdo,A wierdo or correctly spelled weirdo is a person who is strange or has strange behavior.
Wino,someone who props up walls in the street, drinking an unidentifiable drink it neednt be wine, could also be spirits, special brew, buckfast or lighter fluid out of a paper bag whilst swearing incoherently and dribbling.
Witch,A practitioner of Witchcraft. Usually positive and Earthoriented in their religious or spiritual outlook. All Wiccans are Witches, but not all Witches are Wiccans. Similarly, all Witches are Pagan, but not all Pagans are Witches. Witches usually utilise Magick, and can be male or female
Womanizer,A selfish, narcissistic, nefarious character who needs to manipulate and use woman to feed his own childish, self serving ego. Has definite  Mommy issues. Will often seek out girls far too young, in hopes that they'll be too naive to read his intentions. Not only will this type of predator pursue women relentlesslyusing time, flattery  displaying a sincere" interest in becoming close on an emotionalmental levelbut will quickly lose interest once his true nature as a sodomizing bastard is uncovered. The fallout is ALWAYS the woman's fault, as his ego cannot handle the reality of his own fucked up behavior.
Woody allen,A extremely talented comedian that married his exgirlfriend's adopted daughter. Dispite the fact it's not incest, it's still rather creepy.
Worm,Worm
Xena,Eris
Xenophobe,Basically, to hate or be afraid of people from different cultures, religions or ethnic origins.
Yak,cocaine
Yeti,A skier who clearly has no idea what they are doing.  Usually seen flying down a hill with their jacket wide open and flapping in the wind, hair down and flowing, goggles askew, pizza square stance, and arms wide open with poles anywhere but where they are supposed to be.
Zit face,A person that wines and moans on Facebook
a$$,Hooker ass
a2m,When a male is having anal sex, pulls out his penis and shoves it into the mouth of his partner.
a55,A road in North Wales that leads to the city of Bangor.
a55hole,That guy who always wins on Mario Kart
acrotomophilia,acrotomophilia
aeolus,King of the winds
ahole,ahole
alabama hot pocket,the art of seperating the vagina lips and taking a shat inside and possibly having sex with it afterwards
alaskan pipeline,n: the act of pooping in to a condom, freezing the rubber overnight, then inserting it in to ones anus.
amcik,Cunt ie. pussy Turkish
anal,To penetrate anally.
anal leakage,The unexpected or unwanted oozing, seeping, or dripping of foulsmelling substances from a tightly clenched anus. Such substances may have been produced by the body attached to the anus or may have been introduced by another body unattached to the aforementioned anus. Such seepage may also be accompanied by an expulsion of gas see also shart.
anilingus,anilingus
anus,anus
apeshit,Out of control due to anger or excitement.
areola,areola
areole,areole
arian,A freaking incredible and amazing person. She is smart, funny, nice, and she's always there to listen when you need to talk. She is always incredibly honest, and doesn't lie about her opinions. She is exuberant of joy and laughter, and she's passionate about the things she loves. She is also sometimes sad, and when something's wrong, it deeply affects her feelings. Ariane is a fucking loyal friend, and she'll always stand by you. She fights for her opinions, and she's the best at cheering you up and reassuring you. She is also very loving, and she gives fucking great hugs. When someone tries to cut her down, well, don't try, cuz she'll look down on you until you die. She really is an amazing girl, and deserves the world.
arrse,The ARmy Rumour SErvice
arschloch,Arschloch is the German word for Asshole. You could also you Arsch.
arse,A stupid, pompous, arrogant, mean or despicable person.
arsehole,An inconsiderate or mean-spirited person. Less vulgar and intense than fucker.
aryan,aryan is a boy name, he is a patient person, he will take whatever comes across him, he doesn't turn down anything because he wants to try out anything and everything.
asholes,A person with symptoms of multiple personality disorder who uses their multiple personalities to harass and annoy others online.  A person who steals other people's work online and calls it their own under another one of their names.
ass,Buttocks.
ass fuck,Ass Fucking is a favorite of dirty sluts. A true whore often prefers being fucked in the ass over having a cock in her little wet pussy.  She likes to bend over, lift her skirt and beg a man to shove his dick up her tight asshole. She will beg for it hard and moan as she feels his cock ram into her ass.  After the man cums in her ass she will often suck his cock as his jizz drips from her ass.
ass hole,ass hole
ass-fucker,Ass Fucker: an offencive name given to a male who has sexual intercourse with another male or female in the analor rectem area.
ass-hat,One whose head is so far up their rear end it could pass for a hat; used to describe a person who is stubborn, cruel, or otherwise unpleasant to be around.
ass-jabber,one who jabs ass. one who ass fucks with one's penis in the anal cavity
ass-pirate,one who digs for burried treasure by inserting his penis inside his partners anus and prodding around
assbag,assbag
assbandit,A guy who prefers another guy's hairy anus over a girl's vagina.
assbang,multiple anal penetrations from multiple partners within a given period of copulation.
assbanged,multiple anal penetrations from multiple partners within a given period of copulation.
assbanger,multiple anal penetrations from multiple partners within a given period of copulation.
assbangs,multiple anal penetrations from multiple partners within a given period of copulation.
assbite,Severe Chaffing of your ass as a result of sitting on a dodgy chair for too long.
assclown,A jerk; a buffoon; a person who is inept or ill-behaved to the point of being found laughable by others.
asscock,From the movie "Jay and Silent Bob strike back"  Means Donkey Penis.
asscracker,when a girl wares her paints to damn low and you can see the "V" that is made where the two butt checks come together.
asses,plural of as
assface,A contemptible person.
assfuck,Sodomy, anal sex, an act of anal intercourse.
assfucker,Synonym of top: the active partner in anal sex.
assgoblin,though the other definitions cover wat an assgoblin is, i would like to reveal their history which has been shrouded in mystery for centuries.
assh0le,A person who belongs to a CORPORATION entirely due to a system of GOVERNANCE within that very corporation that has a marked commonality of stature violations where prison in this case would not be an optimal resolvement measure.
asshat,An obnoxiously ignorant person; a fool.
asshead,an idiotic person.
asshole,A jerk; an inappropriately or objectionably mean, inconsiderate, contemptible, obnoxious, intrusive, stupid, and/or rude person.
asshopper,A young male who finds strong interest in anal sex with females, and therefore likes to stick his reproductive rod in every anus he can get his hands on.
assjacker,Getting assjacked is all about being screwed over or taken advantage of. You either get jacked, or you've jacked someone else!
asslick,an admirer of someone in a more powerful position.
asslicker,asslicker
assmaster,noun from the celtic word "aisse" the anusand the German word "meister" sirlordmaster; def.: one who is the lord of more than one ass; the keeper of asses; an ass manager.
assmonkey,An obnoxious or contemptible person; a jerk.
assmunch,A despicable person.
assmuncher,A despised person.
assnigger,The worst kind of asshole in the world. It's contagious and cancerous. An asshole who is of African descent.
asspirate,A man who likes to board another man's poopdeck with his plank.
assrammer,That son of a bitch fucker who tryna nae nae you into oblivion and fuck your ass.
assshit,the only word with three s's in succession; a redundancy used to signify feces.
asswad,An obnoxious person; a jerk.
asswhole,noun  Description of a person that reminds you of a whole ass.
asswipe,A periodical which has the habit of publishing questionable truths.
auto erotic,Auto Erotic Barneyfication is a sexual gratification term that arose out of the underground sex party scene in Berlin, Germany in the late 1990s. It involves generally men who like to dress up as Barney the purple Dinosaur  engage in sexual intercourse or other related acts with one or more partners while growling like a TRex.
autoerotic,autoerotic
axwound,An exceedingly large naturally open vagina.
azazel,Angel who alligned with Satan
azz,ass; backside
azzhole,it means asshole, but you only say it this way if your an idiot or your from arizona
b!tch,a gurl that works for you in the streets
b00bs,the part of a womans chest that gives men erection.
b17ch,bitch in leet  1337
b1tch,The 1337 way for saying Bitch.
babeland,a seemingly fake sex toy store made up for the description of fleshlight.
baby batter,semen
baby juice,The fluid a man releases from his penis when he ejaculates during sex.
ball gag,ball gag
ball gravy,anything wet and sticky that causes discomfort and odor on the male genitalia.  The most common forms are sweat, andor sex fluids from either the male or the female, or a combination of all three.
ball kicking,Boys its time, for one day there will be a purge of girls going round too boys and kicking nuts this way you cannot nut in nonutNovember
ball licking,Perhaps the best feeling oral sex possible.  Ball licking is most commonly used when a female is on her knees gently licking the balls of her partner.
ball sack,The scrotum.
ball sucking,An expression used when things are shitty to the extent that the situtation is analogous to the displeasure a heterosexual male would feel if he were to suckle upon the testicles of another man.
ballbag,A thoughtless and ignorant individual.
balls,To engage in sexual intercourse.
ballsack,The scrotum.
bampot,Idiot; an objectionable and foolish person.
bangbros,My heroes. God bless them!
bangbus,A motorbus associated with licentious, often solicited sexual activity, especially in pornography.
bareback,Without a condom.
barely legal,The age at which a girl is just old enough to have sex without getting the older man in trouble with the law.
barenaked,By far the coolest band in a long time. Great songwriting, great singing, great band dynamic.
barf,Of a system: to fail.
bastard,A contemptible, inconsiderate, overly or arrogantly rude or spiteful person.
bastardo,An extreme bastard, of possibly spanish descent
bastinado,bastinado
batty boy,A homosexual man.
bawdy,bawdy
bbw,bbw stands for "big beautiful women." these are woman who are overweight and still feel deserving of love because they realize that they don't have to live up to certain "standards" that society has set in order to be pretty. this obviously takes selfesteem and courage, and it's a landmark to get past. an overweight woman who still feels beautiful is very admirable.
bch,Slangshort form of "bitch".
bdsm,An overlapping abbrevation of Bondage and Discipline BD, Dominance and Submission DS, Sadism and Masochism SM.
beaner,A superior or admirable person; something excellent.
beardedclam,This is the term used to describe an "overly" hairy vaginal region,usually occuring after marriage.
beatch,beatch
beaver,The pubic hair and/or vulva of a woman.
beaver cleaver,Slang term for a particularly large cock.  It derives its meaning from the fact that the cock cleaves, or splits open, the beaver, or pussy.  A visceral term great for frat boy type bragging.
beef curtain,Big saggy pussy lips that can be brown or pink, and serves as a nice blanket for a cock on a cold wintry day.
beef curtains,Saggy or loose labia.
beeyotch,beeyotch
bellend,Alternative spelling of bell-end
bender,A homosexual man.
beotch,beotch
bescumber,bescumber
bestial,bestial
bestiality,bestiality
biatch,Alternative form of bitch
big black,Its a chicken thats big and has black feathers.
big breasts,There are many definitions for a Big Breasted Buffoon.
big knockers,A way to describe a womans large breasts
big tits,A usually sylicone stuffed subtance that most males seem to enjoy sucking on until it turns a deep purple.
bigtits,one of the best mutuals on tiktok. who also loves to call people mommy and is also super hot
bimbo,A physically attractive woman who lacks intelligence.
bint,A woman, a girl.
bitch,Place; situation
bitch tit,Male breatsmanboobs are called Bitch titts
bitchass,bitchass
bitched,Causing difficulty; nasty; unpleasant; problematic;  damned, bloody
bitcher,bitcher
bitchin,bitchin
bitching,Excellent; outstanding.
bitchtits,Term of abuse.
bitchy,bitchy
black cock,black cock
bloodclaat,JamaicanPatois.
bloody,Used as an intensifier.
bloody hell,bloody hell
blow job,blow job
blow me,yet another way to go tell someone to fuck themself
blow mud,A small spat of diahreah is literally blown out of the anus, masqueraded as mere gas. Not until the actual exit from the anus, does the unfortunate mud blower realize that what they believed to be simple gas, turned out to be a forceful eruption of diarreah. To blow mud; blowing mud; blew mud;
blow your load,ejaculate, cum, especially when it's fast and unexpected
blowjob,An act of fellatio, or sucking a penis or other phallic object . Stimulation of a somebody's penis or testicles with a person's lips, tongue or mouth with the purpose of giving the receiver sexual pleasure. It may or may not result in orgasm.
blue waffle,a waffle that is blue
blumpkin,The act of performing fellatio while the recipient is defecating in a toilet.
bod,The body.
bodily,bodily
boffing,Sexual intercourse.
boink,A real-world social gathering of computer users.
bollock,To reprimand severely and grossly.
bollocks,The testicles
bollox,bollox
bondage,bondage
boned,Beset with unfortunate circumstances that seem difficult or impossible to overcome; in imminent danger.
boner,An erect penis. [from mid-20th c.]
bong,The clang of a large bell.
boob,An idiot; a fool.
booby,booby
booger,A bodyboarder.
bookie,bookie
boong,An Australian Aboriginal person.
booobs,When you see some boobs, and you yell BOOOBS!!! With a held out o sound.
boooobs,The name 'Bob's multiple 'o's added also multiple 'Bob's you add an 's'
bootee,bootee
bootie,A soldier.
booty,A person considered as a sexual partner or sex object.
booty call,A telephone call made to request a sexual encounter.
booze,To drink alcohol.
boozer,A public house, pub.
boozy,boozy
bosom,bosom
bosomy,bosomy
brotherfucker,Motherfucker .
brown shower,The act of a person defecating on another, usually for sexual stimulation of one or both persons.
btch,btch is just bitch with the i taken out. great use for those email, username sites that say no swearing.
bugger,A foolish or worthless person or thing; a despicable person.
bukake,bukake
bukkake,bukkake
bull shit,Used when disgusted or upset about something
bulldyke,bulldyke
bullshit,Statements that are false or exaggerated to impress or cheat the listener.
bullturds,Bullshit but less vulgar
bum,A homeless person, usually a man.
bum boy,bum boy
bumblefuck,noun, middle of nowhere, usually used with a cardinal direction, such as North, South, East, or West. Origin: Ghetto
bummer,An idle, worthless fellow, without any visible means of support; a dissipated sponger.
buncombe,buncombe
bung,A bribe.
bung hole,Another term for asshole, derived from the hole that a bung stopper for a hole in a barrel fits in.
bunghole,bunghole
bunny fucker,A person who defends animals at all cost, ironically to a much greater degree than one would extend such care to comparable human situations.
bust a load,When one releases the semen from the tip of his penis onto the face, chest, gludius maximus, or vagina of a woman.  It is, indeed, an extremely pleasurable experience.
busty,busty
butt,butt
butt fuck,The best sex.  Insert penis into anus.
butt plug,A sex toy designed for insertion into the anus and rectum.
butt-pirate,person who pilages another mans anus
buttfuck,An act of anal intercourse.
buttfucker,One who engages in anal sex.
butthole,The anus.
buttmunch,Term of abuse for a stupid or contemptible person.
buttpirate,someone who enjoys ravaging and raiding someones ass hole searching for lost treasure, or just fir pure enjoyment.
buttplug,buttplug
buttwipe,Alternate spelling for the name of the 43rd President of the United States, preferred in all usages worldwide by everyone remotely familiar with the man and poised to surplant the archaic contemporary spelling in future histories. Origin unknown, though widely believed to have been coined by his mother for its obvious descriptive accuracy.
c-o-c-k,A big boi. Very large and intimidating. Usually refers to a choncky floofer but can apply to any chonky boi with a masive aura of chonk. The next level up from chunky.
c-u-n-t,A term widely used to describe hardworking people in the medical industry, especially during the time of a pandemic
c.u.n.t,Can't Understand Normal Thinking.  See cunt.
c0ck,the biggest kind of cock. spelled with a "0" because of its enormus size.
c0k,Slang for "Cock"
cabron,Word in spanish with many different meanings.  The real meaning is the male goat.  Female is cabra and male is cabron.  But slang use is far more common.  Depending on countries it seems to have somehow different but similar meanings.  A good definiton that would apply in almost all Spanish speaking countries would be assholefuckerbitch.  In some places the word also means a person that is not with his partner.  Example:  Se fue de cabron.  He went to fuck around.  In this way it always has the connotation that he is looking for an affair.
caca,caca
cacafuego,cacafuego
cahone,balls, man's testes
camel toe,camel toe
cameltoe,The visible outline of a woman's labia or vulva, as a consequence of wearing tight pants.
camgirl,camgirl
camslut,An amateur porn star, usually an Eastern European girl aged 1824 with a rather cursory understanding of the English language, who offers to show herself naked in exchange for a few bucks a minute.  Camsluts generally work at 'studios': tworoom apartments with several computers, cameras, and a high speed internet connection located in crumbling postsoviet apartment blocks in cities like Yaroslavl, Zaporodzhe and Saint Petersburg.
camwhore,A paid model, dancer etc. performing on webcam, especially in sexually explicit ways; , a shameless or exhibitionistic webcam user.
carpet muncher,A person, usually a lesbian, who performs oral sex on a woman.
carpetmuncher,carpetmuncher
cawk,Pronunciation spelling of cock .
cazzo,Italian word for "dick".
cervix,cervix
chesticle,A  breast.
chi-chi man,chi chi" is patois for termite pest and is a derogotary term for a homosexual. i.e. a gay person is as low as a termite
chick with a dick,A trans woman or intersex person who appears female and has a penis.
child-fucker,An extremely contemptible person .
chinc,A racist word for any people that are asian.
chincs,A racist word for any people that are asian.
chink,chink
chinky,Possessing attributes of, or similar to, a Chinese person or Chinese style or culture.
choad,A loser or undesirable person; an insulting name.
choade,Usually penis, penis wider than it is long, or the area between the penis and anus.  Taken from colloquial Spanish.
choc ice,choc ice
chocolate rosebuds,n: the asshole of a black man or woman that has recently been anally penetrated and therefore looks slightly swollen like a blooming rose or is still tightly closed like a rosebud
chode,simple past tense of chide
chota bags,Another term for testicles or balls
chuj,Russian and Polish meaby other Slavic languages too for dick, penis. Often mispelled as huj. Just like shit in English it can be used to describe both negative and positive feelings. Also used in one of the most common Polish insults: "Chuj ci w dupe" lit. "dick in your ass", meaning similar to "kiss my ass bitch"
cialis,The three day Viagra you don't need to take on an empty stomach.  The "weekend" love pill.
cipa,Cipa its the woman pussy. And also you can call women cipa if you dont like her
circlejerk,circlejerk
cl1t,That little button in the middle of a laptop keyboard that you can use to move your cursor instead of the mouse or trackpad, which is used by caressing it with your middle finger in different directions.
cleveland steamer,to take a shit on your partners chest after sex. its more of a fetish thing.
climax,climax  climaces)
clit,A penis likened to a clitoris, especially in terms of smallness.
clit licker,noun one who licks a clitoris. Can be male or female
clitface,A term of abuse.
clitfuck,The process by which a female's engorged clitoris is inserted into the hole at the end of a male's or shemale's penis.
clitoris,clitoris
clitorus,the pleasure nub of the womans vagina.  Sole purpose it to provide pleasure to a woman during intercourse.
clitty,The clitoris; clit.
clitty litter,A dried white discharge found in some women's panties.
clunge,Vulva or vagina.
clusterfuck,A chaotic situation where everything seems to go wrong. It is often caused by incompetence, communication failure, or a complex environment.
cnts,same as CT but wont get blocked by word filters
cnut,A way of saying cunt on messageboards or chat channels that have lame rude word filters turned on.
cocain,cocain
cocaine,cocaine
coccydynia,coccydynia
cock,A stupid, obnoxious or contemptable person.
cock pocket,A vagina or other female orifice for the male penis
cock snot,semen
cock sucker,cock sucker
cock-sucker,cock-sucker
cockass,A nonsense compound insult that is primarily used in a humorous manner. 2 The combination of the words "cock" and "ass".
cockbite,According to members of the Red Army, all members of the Blue Army are cockbites. According to members of the Blue Army, all members of the Red Army are cockbites.
cockblock,To make or attempt to make another's intended goal of sexual intercourse impossible.
cockburger,When you put your penis in between two buns and have your woman eat though the buns then suck your cock.
cockeye,cockeye
cockface,A contemptible person.
cockfucker,Term of abuse.
cockhead,Dickhead, a term of abuse.
cockholster,The mouth of any member of the female persuasion women, homosexual males, etc..  usually derrogatory
cockjockey,Person of usually male gender that enjoys riding a cock. The Cockjockey is more often than not very promiscuous.
cockknocker,cockknocker
cockmaster,Term of abuse.
cockmongler,A man who given opportunity will suck your cock.
cockmonkey,An obnoxious or contemptible person.
cockmunch,An idiot or other undesirable person.
cockmuncher,Term of abuse.
cocknose,to Eskimo kiss a dick
cocknugget,a. Someone who is really full of himself.
cockshit,an objectionable person
cocksmith,A man who has expert sexual technique.
cocksmoke,Somewhat derogatory name for a person with a penchant for giving head.
cocksmoker,Somewhat derogatory name for a person with a penchant for giving head.
cocksniffer,Someone whose pleasure it is to appreciate the scent of the male genitalia.
cocksuck,Short for cocksucker .
cocksucked,General allpurpose allamerican insult used to describe anyone except the person who actually sucks your cock.
cocksucker,Someone who performs fellatio.
cocksuckers,plural of cocksucker
cocksucking,fellatio
cockwaffle,An obnoxious or contemptible person.
coffin dodger,An elderly person, a person close to death, or good at avoiding death.
coital,coital
cok,Too much effort to write out "cock"
commie,A communist; a person with communist sympathies; a supposed communist infiltrator.
condom,condom
coochie,The vagina or vulva.
coochy,Vagina.
coon,coon
cooter,A redneck.
coprolagnia,coprolagnia
coprophilia,coprophilia
corksucker,mispronounced cocksucker as in the film, Johnny Dangerously
cornhole,The anus.
corp whore,Females in the Navy Hospital Corps who give out pussy as often as they take vital signs, which is approximately every 515 minutes,to sailors or marines.
corpulent,corpulent
cowgirl,A playing card of queen rank.
cox,cox
crabs,pubic lice
crack,Vagina.
cracker,A police officer.
crackwhore,crackwhore
crap,Something worthless or of poor quality; junk.
crappy,Of very poor quality; unpleasant; distasteful.
creampie,creampie
cretin,An idiot.
crikey,An Australian exclamation of surprise or bewilderment. Interchangeable with words such as "Blimey" or "Struth". Made famous by our champion crocodile hugger, Steve Erwin.
cripple,To nerf something which is overpowered.
crotch,Either the male or female genitalia.
crotte,This term use for expression in corny conversation about boysgirls that we crush on. This term came for indo lingo casual language which adopt from word for jack off. Crotting as a term that we really get into corny conversation.
cum,Semen.
cum chugger,a girl who drinks semen in large quanities
cum dumpster,A sexually promiscuous person, usually a woman or bottom, who has sexual relations with men who often ejaculate in their body cavities.
cum freak,A woman or man that enjoys the art of Cumming.
cum guzzler,One who swallows ejaculate.
cumbubble,a cumbubble of hot steamy jizz
cumdump,cumdump
cumdumpster,cumdumpster
cumguzzler,cumguzzler
cummer,One who cums or climaxes.
cummin,cummin
cumshot,A sex act in pornographic films in which a man ejaculates onto his partner's body.
cumslut,A person who badly wants to receive multiple men's semen, particularly in the mouth to be swallowed.
cumstain,Term of abuse.
cumtart,When you ejaculate a massive load on someone in a repeating linear pattern to form a perfectly large rectangular patch, then top it off with sprinkles, similar to the frosting of the well known American snack Poptarts.
cunilingus,to use the mouth, especially the tongue with the intent of bringing a female to orgasm; to lick pussy; to suck cunt.
cunnie,The most hilarious slang term for vagina.  Try to use it in a sentence without laughing.  Go on.  Just try it.
cunnilingus,cunnilingus
cunny,A cunt, vulva.
cunt,The female genitalia, especially the vulva.
cunt hair,A very small distance.  [from 1950s]
cunt-struck,Sexually obsessed with women, or with a specific woman. [from 19th c.]
cuntass,a contemptible person
cuntbag,An inconsiderate or otherwise undesirable person.
cuntface,A term of abuse.
cunthole,An extremely nauseating person.
cunthunter,A term stemming from New Zealand to describe lowcut leather shoes worn into town by sex pests. Often accompanied with gold jewelry, excessive hair gel, shifty eyes, the aroma of Winfield Reds mixed with enough cologne to kill a small child.
cuntlick,rugmuncher, carpeteater, lesbo, dyke
cuntlicker,One who gives cunnilingus.
cuntlicking,cunnilingus
cuntrag,A derrogatory term used to describe one for whom you see no other purpose in life but to soke up liquids from the organ with the same slang terminology.
cuntsicle,An icecold cunt with a stick up her ass.
cuntslut,A promiscuous woman.
cuntz,a fag
cus,because
cut rope,Taking a long shit
cyalis,The baddest bitch alive. You meet her and you never want to stop looking at her juicy ass. She is so fucking hilarious. If you know someone named Cyalie which u probably dont because theres only one in this world, you best be acting right and keep her happy by buying her a yacht and a plane and a new house. And maybe some horses. She loved to get drunk so always have Malibu on hand for her. She likes to party with her friends and have a good time but your life would suck without her fr you would go into cardiac arrest if you didnt see her everyday. Period. Never forget about how her personality is just as banging as her ass is. Cyalie is such a rare name, just like the girl herself. Youll never forget her or the impact she had on your life.
cyberfuck,When there is a glitch happening in a videogame that looks out of place.
cyberfucked,When there is a glitch happening in a videogame that looks out of place.
cyberfucker,When there is a glitch happening in a videogame that looks out of place.
cyberfuckers,When there is a glitch happening in a videogame that looks out of place.
cyberfucking,When there is a glitch happening in a videogame that looks out of place.
d1ck,A Way to bypass the censor in online games.
d1ld0,one of my funniest mutuals who never comments on my post :
d4mn,Same as damn, but with some 1337. Often considered less vulgar.
dago,A person of Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, or other Mediterranean descent.
dammit,dammit
damn,Generic intensifier. Fucking; bloody.
damned,Very.
damnit,The phrase "God Damnit", which when expressed in a grammatically correct fashion would read "God Damn It," is a vulgarity used to express frustration. It's literal definition is "May the Christian God Damn it to Hell". In slang, it is a phrase used in a generally nonreligious context. For example, if one cannot get an electronic device to work properly, one might exclaim "God Damnit!", meaning that you are so upset with the device you wish that God would condemn it to eternal damnation.
darkie,darkie
darn,darn
date rape,date rape
daterape,When You Go On A Date Just To Be Raped
dawgie-style,Black gaymen's doggystyle sex. Or anal sex from the rear, while knealing preformed by two black gay men.
daygo,Daygo:  Slang term for "San Diego" and variant term to "Dago."  Normally referred to in the context of San Diego's innercity neighborhoods.
deep throat,deep throat
deepthroat,deepthroat
deggo,A Deggo is an amazing person and you will not regret meeting them. They brighten up your day with a simple smile. Everyone loves to be around them
dego,From Diego..Originally Spanish James, Jacob but widely applied to Portuguese and Italians and those of similar appearance. Derogatory.
dendrophilia,dendrophilia
dick,A highly contemptible person; a jerk.
dick head,A British word which is used to describe a person who is rude and obnoxious.Most dick heads think that they are clever when they are far from it.
dick hole,The hole that is at the end of your dick moron. Not to be confused with the hole that your finger is usually stuck in that smells like shit. Next time you piss, look at the end of your dick.....that hole.
dick shy,A man who is afraid to show his cock to a woman.
dick-sneeze,sticky substance forming on the tip of a penis even though ejaculation has not recently occured.  can be caused by drinking diet coke.  can be described as slimy, sticky, translucent snot.
dickbag,An objectionable person.
dickbeaters,hands male
dickface,Term of abuse
dickflipper,A person that flips their dick up and down like a monkey, like they are deevolving into a monkey.
dickfuck,An imbecile or other undesirable person.
dickfucker,Term of abuse.
dickhead,A jerk; a mean or rude person.
dickhole,a man's urethra
dickish,Characteristic of a dick ; offensively unpleasant and vexatious.
dickjuice,dickjuice
dickmilk,n. an idiot
dickmonger,One who hordes penises
dickripper,In Aqua Teen Hunger Force, Mr. Wongburger's minions that do the dick ripping dirty work for the construction of his dickship. Also used to describe somebody in an extremely negative manner.
dicksipper,One who engages in gay sexual activity which evolves drinking cum
dickslap,An objectionable person.
dicksucker,Term of abuse.
dicksucking,Oral sex as performed on a man; a focus on, or predilection for, performing oral sex on one or more men.
dicktickler,One who feebily plays with hisher or someone elses dick and creates violent noises. Can also be worded as cocktickler or penis tickler.
dickwad,A contemptible person; a fool.
dickweasel,A rude, obnoxious, or contemptible person.
dickweed,an undesirable person
dickwod,dickwod
diddle,The penis.
dike,Alternative form of dyke:  a masculine woman; a lesbian.
dildo,Any device or implement.
diligaf,Acronym for "Do I Look Like I Give A Fuck".
dillweed,A contemptible person; a fool.
dimwit,A person who is deficient in intelligence.
dingle,dingle
dingleberry,A stupid or foolish person.
dink,A North Vietnamese soldier.
dipship,an excuse for if you accidentally say dipshit in front of your parents
dipshit,A stupid or undesirable person.
dirsa,dirsaf
dirty,Carrying illegal drugs among one's possessions or inside of one's bloodstream.
dirty sanchez,dirty sanchez
div,A division; a lesson.
dlck,pp
dog style,When a girl's sucking your dick and you pet her hair like you would pet a dog. Not to be confused with doggy style.
dog-fucker,basically a term used to describe an individual who does not do his fair share of work eg. walking around talking, smoking, whatever else, but avoiding doing any actual work
doggie style,doggie style
doggie-style,doggie-style
doggiestyle,doggiestyle
doggin,to put down something
dogging,dogging
doggy style,In a position whereby one partner is on all fours and the other partner is penetrating from behind.
doggy-style,doggy-style
doggystyle,To have doggy style sex with .
dolcett,It's a fetish about rape,murder,and gynophagia.
domination,domination
dominatrix,dominatrix
dong,A penis.
donkey punch,donkey punch
donkeypunch,donkeypunch
donkeyribber,A term of insult which identifies the subject as someone who enjoys sexual intercourse with donkeys. Often applied to rural males due to their reputed fondness for bestiality.
doochbag,Doochbag, is used instead of swearing at someone. it is a word that pops up in many movies and is known as an American word.
doofus,A person with poor judgment and taste.
dookie,feces
doosh,A word looked on up urban dictionary by those who can't spell douche properly.
dopey,dopey
double dong,Synonym of double dildo
double penetration,double penetration
douche,Ellipsis of douchebag.: A contemptible person; a worthless, brainless or disgusting person.
douche-fag,when you wanna call someone a douche bag but realize its overused, so you add fag at the end instead.
douchebag,A jerk or asshole; a mean or rude person; someone seen as being arrogant, snobby or obnoxious.
douchewaffle,An offshoot of the highly popular douchebag. Use in a derogatory sense.
douchey,Characteristic of a douche .
drunk,drunk
dry hump,dry hump
duche,the douche way to spell douche
dumass,This is how idiots spell dumbass.
dumb ass,dumb ass
dumbass,A stupid or foolish person.
dumbfuck,dumbfuck
dumbshit,A stupid person.
dummy,Extremely.
dumshit,idiotic shit; retarted shit; moronic shit
dupa,Polish meanings:
dvda,A porn term meaning Double Vaginal, Double Anal. 4 men and 1 woman, 2 dicks in her vagina and 2 dicks in her anus.
dyke,A lesbian, particularly one with masculine or butch traits or behavior.
dziwka,Dziwka is a word similliar to kurwa. It means woman who like to fuck with anyone
eat a dick,a generic yet abrasive comeback to a verbal attack
eat my ass,An insult.  Bastardization of 'eat me' and 'kiss my ass'.
ecchi,A situation within a story, especially anime and manga, which ventures into the ecchi genre.
ejackulate,when semonsperm cums out of ur horney dick
ejaculate,ejaculate
ejaculatings,The one time a male says the words "I love you" and really means it.
ejaculation,ejaculation
ekrem,means really sexy.
ekto,Giannis ektos apo ton karagianni is a nice person with a good taste of ckikas .He is a sexy looking man with BBCBig Black Cock
enculer,go get fucked up the arse
enema,enema
enlargement,enlargement
erect,erect
erection,erection
erotic,erotic
erotism,erotism
escort,escort
eunuch,eunuch
extasy,extasy
f u c k,A flying fuck.
f u c k e r,a fucker"
f-u-c-k,A flying fuck.
f.u.c.k,There are several urbanlegend fake etymologies postulating an acronymic origin for the word. In the most popular version, it is said that the word "fuck" came from Irish law. If a couple committing adultery were "Found Under Carnal Knowledge" they would be penalized, with "FUCK" written on the stocks above them to denote the crime. Alternative explanations for "fuck" as an acronym for adultery pin it as "Fornication Under CardinalCarnal Knowledge". Another story is that it was written in the log book as "FUCK" when people in the military or navy who had homosexual intercourse were being punished. Variants of this include "For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge",
facial,A foul play which involves one player hitting another in the face.
fack,Pronunciation spelling of fuck.
faen,Norwegian curse word. Means the devil.
fag,A homosexual man, especially  an especially effeminate or unusual one.
fagbag,n A bag usually suspended from one prep or homosexual shoulder to the opposite side. Designed to carry books, and most commonly seen on gay people with sandals.
faget,This hideously misspelled derivation of 'faggot' is primarily used by uneducated rednecks who fail to see the irony of calling someone a derogatory name but having no idea how to say the word.
fagfucker,A derogatory term used to insult a person.  It is used in replacement of words such as asshole, fag, dickhead, and motherfucker
fagg,Insult againts gays
fagging,fagging
faggit,The wrong spelling of the word "faggot," mostly spelled wrong by young people who spell it how they pronounce the word, with an "i"
faggot,An annoying or inconsiderate person.
faggs,Insult againts gays
fagit,An incorrect spelling of the word "faggot" that is often used by illiterate bastards like yourself who came in search of this nonexistent word.
fagot,fagot
fagtard,A contemptible person, especially one perceived as being gay.
fagz,A word derrived from the word Fags. Some people may even call it, "Fags with a Z." Or just plain Fagz even.
faig,a male homosexual  inspired by the unique inflection of H. Garrison of South Park, CO.
fanculo,Fuck off in italian see also vaffanculo
fanny,The female genitalia. [from 1830s]
fannybandit,Referring to Homosexuals
fannyflaps,Pussy Lips in da Fanjeeta
fannyfucker,Its your dad shoving his head in your mothers vagina
fart,An irritating person; a fool.
fartknocker,A contemptible or annoying person.
fat,An erection.
fatass,fatass
fcuker,a stupid ass who types way too fuckin fast and screws all the letters up
fcuking,verb. pronounced 'FUHkuhkt'
fecal,fecal
feces,fecespl
feck,To throw.
fecker,fecker
feg,Term used exclusively in Minnesota because they think they are Canadian, but truly are not.
feist,Silent  flatulence.
felch,felch
felcher,During anal sex when cum is released into the ass, the FELCHER is the person who removes the cum, with a straw or not.
felching,felching
fellate,fellate
fellatio,fellatio
feltch,When a man fucks you up the butt without a rubber. He shoots his load, and then plants his mouth on your anus and sucks out his own warm sperm, plus whatever lubricant and feces are present. That's fletching. It may or may not, include kissing you to pass the sperm and fecal matter into your mouth." Invisible Monsters by Chuck Palahniuk
feltcher,A person who drinks cum from hisher partner's asshole usually via an auxillary aparatus such as a straw or radiator hose.
femdom,femdom
fenian,yet another slang word used to piss catholics off in northern ireland.prods use it alot in everyday slabbering matches
fice,fice
ficken,Yeah, It's the German word for "Fuck".
figging,figging
fingerbang,To insert one or more digits into another person's vagina or anus for sexual pleasure.
fingerfuck,The act of sexual penetration or masturbation with the fingers.
fingerfucker,Someone who fingerfucks.
fingering,fingering
fist fuck,to insert a fist into someones pussy or ass
fisted,fisted
fistfuck,fistfuck
fistfucker,To insert fist into vagina.
fistfuckers,To insert fist into vagina.
fistfuckings,To insert fist into vagina.
fisting,The sexual practice of inserting one or both hands into the vagina or rectum of one's sexual partner.
fisty,fisty
fitt,fitt
flamer,A very flamboyant , effeminate gay male.
flange,A vulva.
flikker,Dutch word for FagettHomoQueerGay etc
flipping,flipping
flog the log,To masturbate.
floozy,floozy
foad,Fuck Off And Die
foah,A lovely ship name for finn Wolfhard and Noah shnapp its there ship name weather they like it or not
fondle,fondle
foobar,A serious mistake.
fook,To fuck.
fooker,The nice way to call someone a fucker.
foot fetish,The pure admiration or sexual attraction of barefeet. Usually pertaining to men who can become sexually aroused from the sight of any part of women's feetincluding, toes, arches and soles.
footjob,footjob
foreskin,foreskin
freex,To ingest a fod substance that is of warmth and can be purchased at the footyrugby, while the weather is feezing cold. The food does not have to be ingested while at the sporting event. Examples of appropriate foods include: Hot choclate, pies, hot dogs, hot jam donuts, chips, sausage rolls, wedges etc.
frenchify,To have contracted or be infected with venereal diseases, often in reference to prostitution or numerous sexual partners. 19th Century slang.
frigg,Believe it or not, the highest goddess in the ancient Norse pantheon and wife of OdinWoten the King of the Gods was called Frigg.  This is the origin of the word "Friday".  So Friday is really "Frigg day"!
fubar,fubar
fuc,Acronym for "Fragile Ultra Conservative" noun or FUCS nonplural adjective is commonly used for "Fragile Ultra Conservative Sensitivity". A term used to describe a hypocritical conservative's sensitivity to having to be sensitive. A person hypersensitive to the effort needed to not be an ignorant bigot.
fuck,Used to express great displeasure with, or contemptuous dismissal of, someone or something.
fuck buttons,The "reject call" option button on a cell phone, usually reffering to the red "DisconnectEndCall" button, used to reject unwanted incoming calls.
fuck hole,Any hole that can be fucked
fuck puppet,A FuckPuppet is someone who is being completely manipulated and used by the will and behavior of someone else in the most demoralising manner for either persons benefit.
fuck trophy,A child.
fuck yo mama,a stupid tiktok audio. Used when you see a bug right beside you and say this when you jump 6 ft into the air while you run or when you get a C and cant be bother enough
fuck you,Expression to show discontent with the other party, or to show contempt.
fuck-ass,Means someone who is arrogant annoying, an asshole just a complete idiot. Used in Donnie Darko.
fuck-bitch,A female who victimizes people around her by using her evil thoughts and ideas to manifest misery around her because she feels better when others suffer.
fuck-tard,fuck-tard
fucka,fucka
fuckass,A despicable person.
fuckbag,idiot, nasty person
fuckbitch,A term describing a person or persons who is either weak or just a bitch but still attempts to talk mad shit on people because they have a few friends with that person.
fuckboy,fuckboy
fuckbrain,An extremely stupid person, especially one who causes harm.
fuckbutt,A derogotory term used for any type of natural lubrication produced during the act of sex. Used as a vulgar exclamation.
fuckbutter,A derogotory term used for any type of natural lubrication produced during the act of sex. Used as a vulgar exclamation.
fucked,Bothered to do something.
fuckedup,Noun  1.  The degree to which something is fucked up.
fucker,An undesirable person.
fuckface,An ugly or otherwise undesirable or annoying person.
fuckhead,A stupid or otherwise undesirable person
fuckhole,An inconsiderate, unpleasant or rude person.
fuckin,present participle of fuck Alternative spelling of fucking
fucking,An act of sexual intercourse, especially one lacking passion or a feeling of sincere love.
fuckings,plural of fucking
fuckme,A curse, usually said when agitated or frustrated, similar to 'Damn.'
fuckmeat,human beings regarded as objects for sexual intercourse
fucknugget,idiot
fucknut,A very stupid or annoying person.
fucknutt,This word is to describe a person who is a stupid son of a bitch or who makes a complete ass of themselves on a regular basis.
fuckoff,A lazy, incompetent, or contemptible person.
fuckpuppet,One who serves no useful purpose aside from sex, esp. one who thinks they have a purpose due to being cleverly manipulated.
fuckstick,penis
fucktard,An extraordinarily stupid person.
fucktart,A FUCKTART is someone who leaves you with literally a sour taste in your mouth after they leave your presence and who generally needs to have themselves FUCKED.
fucktoy,A person regarded as a sex object.
fucktrophy,the resulting bastard child,from a one night stand,between a bar slut and what ever cock she can drag home
fucktwat,A stupid or otherwise undesirable person.
fuckup,One who continually makes mistakes.
fuckwad,Someone of substandard intelligence; dipshit; fuckwit.
fuckwhit,Less than the widely used " half whit ". Complete moron. Incapable of rational thought. It is right up there with fucktard.
fuckwit,A very stupid person.
fuckwitt,An extremely stupid person that should be killed at once.
fuckyomama,to fuck a black person grandmother in the ass while sticking a dildo in her old, smelly pussy
fudge packer,A male homosexual.
fudge-packer,Someone who indulges in anal sex, normally a gay male, but not always so.
fudgepacker,fudgepacker
fuk,fuk
fuken,used as a word of astonishment.
fuker,the word we all use.. when we dont get our way... mah ladies and guys all use it .. its quite tha word
fukin,The prick who fucks your order up in MC Donalds even when you write it on a piece of paper
fukka,Gangster slang for mother fucker.
fukkah,Ebonics way to say "Mother Fucker".
fukken,An exclamation that is said when you find something relevant to your interest and decide that it is of unprecedented importance to save it.
fukker,A person who consciously aims to have sex with celebrities and then brags about it to their friends or the press to bolster or boost their ego or social status.  It's also a word that will pass through any email marshall a corporate business may have.
fukkers,A person who consciously aims to have sex with celebrities and then brags about it to their friends or the press to bolster or boost their ego or social status.  It's also a word that will pass through any email marshall a corporate business may have.
fukkin,someone who's hott and smoove, with madd sex skillz to make you wimper
fukking,Like fuck but, you know, spelled wrong.
fuks,Like fuck but, you know, spelled wrong.
fukwit,an easy way of calling someone a fuck, and a complete and utter twit...
fuq,fuq
futanari,futanari
futanary,SomeoneUsually in a doujinshi, but occasionally in normal fanfics or hentai, who appears to be female, but for some reason has male genatalia.  Used by people who can't drawwrite yuri
fux,To mess around with or play with. To check it out or try it out.
fux0r,fuck
fuxor,fucked over". The o can be replaced by a zero fux0red
fvck,fvck
fxck,just a coolerer way to say fuck,
g-spot,those of u who dont know what it is or where its at or what to do ur in luck. the gspot is probably 1 of the most sensative sexual organs in the females whitch is located about 34 inches in the clit whitch is round to touch and lize is about quarter to nicle in size, going in with only 1 fingure will not work as well so use your index and middle fingure. both fingures facing up and u will probably still not find it but yes it is located on the top so get it closer to yourself. to do that use yuor index fingure to press just on top on the inside whitch will move the gspot a little closer to you. use ur middle finger to get befind the gspot not moving your index fingure yet, then once u got the gspot   in your grasp get ur index fingure also behind it that is if you can reach it if u cant then use your middle fingure then press on it as hard as you can buy now she will be screaming... no not in pain u jackass in pleasure ... your lucky woman will love u more and more knowing that u know how to please her. she will have about 530 orgasms depending on how well youve done your work. still theres a lot more to know then just that. heres the second way to do it. 1st make shure your woman is verry turned on and ready for you then heres a neat trick to make a woman feel like youre fucking her in the ass without the pain turn ur fingures around 180 degrees and start rubbing and pressing lightly on the skin and she will go nuts. after about 3 min of that shell want more so start moving both the fingures up and down rapidly hitting the gspot and her other pleasure point after about 2030 min of working her she will be soaking wet and barrely be able to move... this means its your time to do w.e. the hell you want!!!
g00k,A g00kunlike its racial counterpart Gook is a term for a n00b trying desperately to become a Geek.
gae,funny form of the word gay that's not offensive and is ironic
gai,An insult used by literally every middle schooler on earth.
gang bang,An orgy, especially a sexual one.
gang-bang,gang-bang
gangbang,Sexual intercourse involving more than two persons, especially with a high proportion of men.
ganja,marijuana, as used for smoking.
gash,A vulva.
gassy ass,When you want to sarcastically thank someone with a fart. A Mexican thank you!
gay,gay
gay sex,Admit it....the kind of sex you really want!
gayass,someone who is an arrogant, immature idiot
gaybob,An extremely gay male that has a hard time hiding it.
gaybor,a gay or lesbian neighbor.
gayboy,A gay man, especially a younger man or a boy.
gaydo,A really cool person that is so cool heshe doesnt deserve a first name because the last name is just that damn awsome. Only someone named Gaydos can be called Gaydos, however, if youre cool enough, you can be "Gaydos's Clone"
gaylord,Synonym of gay: a homosexual man.
gaysex,the best time of my life. when a guy sticks it in you it is the most outsanding feeling. or jus stick a drumstick in your ass if noone you know is gay. thats what i have to do
gaytard,Term of abuse.
gaywad,Somebody who is gay .
gayz,When a person looks at another person of the same sex in a lustful manner.
gender bender,gender bender
genitals,genitalspl
gey,gey
gfy,Could mean either "Go fuck yourself" or "Good for you". Either one works quite effectivly.
ghay,The ghayest possible way to write 'Gay'. Used when describing the highest level of gay.
ghey,Deliberate misspelling of gay .
giant cock,whati have in my pants
gigolo,gigolo
ginger,A person with reddish-brown hair; a redhead.
gippo,A Gypsy.
girl on,two or more girls who are engaged in sexual activities with one another.  they could be making out, rubbing licking and sucking each others tits, rubbing licking and fingering each others wet pussies, rubbing licking or sucking each others clits, fucking each other with a strap on or dildo, sharing a dildovibrator, or simply watching or helping each other get off.  girl on girl is very erotic to watch and participate in.
girl on top,when you are having sex and the girl is on top. Best position ever because the guy gets a full view of the girl riding him. He gets to hold and see her tits boucning. He can also rub her clit while she moves her hips on top of him.  For the girl, it hits all the right spots and you are in control. You can lean over him and kiss while you ride slowly, arching the back. Or you can sit up and ride that dick like never before. Its amazing and everyone should do it! Now!
girls gone wild,A video that's the same damn thing with each new "volume", but guys are too horny to tell the difference.
git,A silly, incompetent, stupid, or annoying person .
glans,glans  glans)
goatse,A certain image of a man displaying his unnaturally dilated anus.
god,A person who is exceptionally skilled in a particular activity.
god damn,When damn just won't do.
god-dam,oh no
god-damned,When damn just won't do.
godamn,A common misspelling of "Goddamn". Use normally in a hurry in typing, texting, and writing.
goddam,goddam
goddammit,A military expression of encouragement.
goddamn,Damned by God.
goddamned,Damned by God.
goddamnit,last word of every sentence. usually adds authority.
godsdamn,Damned by gods; used as an intensifier.
gokkun,gokkun
golden shower,The act of a person urinating on another, usually for the sexual gratification of one or both persons.
goldenshower,v. To urinate on someone's head
golliwog,Greyhound racing: the jolly dogs.
gonad,The testicles.
goo girl,Vaginal fluids, particularily when she's hot and bothered and it's starting to drip out of her.
gooch,The perineum.
gook,A person of Far Eastern descent, especially a Vietnamese, Filipino, Chinese, Japanese or Korean person.
goregasm,To cum all over the place when watching a nasty video of people dying or other grotesque forms of violence.
gringo,A white person from an English-speaking country, particularly the United States.
grope,grope
group sex,group sex
gspot,Some say the GSpot is an area of high sensitivity located within the female prostate or is located further back along the urethra, closer to the bladder. The problem with any definition is the sensitivity of the GSpot is unlikely to be constant. If a woman is not sexually aroused she may not have a GSpot. If the same woman is highly aroused and her prostate gland is engorged with prostatic fluid she may have a very distinct GSpot. There are perhaps women who are not aware of a GSpot even though they ejaculate and experience a more intense orgasm when their prostate is stimulated. It is for these reasons that it is important for the reader not to form a concrete definition of what a GSpot is. Each woman will create her own definition, one valid only for her.
gtfo,Get the fuck out; can be used to express disbelief or displeasure.
guido,a working class Italian-American male; an American male of Italian extraction as a member of the working-class and usually urban-dwelling
guro,guro
h00r,A whore, generally used in the language 1337.
h0m0,internet slang for homosexual
h0r,for whore.
h4x0r,hacker
ham flap,Female pussy lips large also known as beef curtain.  A nice set of ham flaps will usually lead to a nice showing of camel toe.  Sometimes too much ham flaps will result in some people calling it moose knuckle instead of camel toe.  This is incorrect as moose knuckle is the male version of camel toe.  This debate has gone on for years in many a smokey, urine smelling, crappy bar on a late night.
hamflap,A flappy pussy.
hand job,The act of stimulating someone's penis or scrotum by someone else's hand.
handjob,handjob
hard core,having an intense often excessive interest in or enthusiasm for some particular activity, pastime or hobby
hard on,hard on
hardcore,hardcore
hardon,hardon
he-she,A transsexual or transgender female; a woman who was assigned male at birth.
hebe,Alternative form of Hebe
heeb,A Jew.
hell,Used as an intensifier in phrases grammatically requiring a noun.
helvete,A Swedish curse, Helvete is the same place as hell.
hemp,hemp
hentai,hentai
heroin,heroin
herp,herp
herpes,herpes
herpy,A very deadly and painful STD that comes from having sex with someone infected with herpes that is also not very good at spelling. Quite similar to ghonorrea.
heshe,heshe
hircismus,an odious stench emanating from your underarms; stanky axillae.
hitler,Great leader who managed to take over a government and almost took over Europe. For this he should get the "crazy military leader of the forever award."
hiv,Stands for "Human immunodeficiency virus".  contrary to some idiot's beliefs, it was not given to us by the homosexual community.  It is believed to originated in Africa from a mutated form of a virus in a diseased monkey.  We dont actually know how it came about.  It is widely accepted that HIV causes AIDS acquired immune deficiency syndrome but becuase we cannot do experiments to prove this due to morality issues the African government can claim that there is no evidence supporting this hypothesis and does not have to supply medicine for its citizens.
ho,A whore; a sexually promiscuous woman; in general use as a highly offensive name-calling word for a woman with connotations of loose sexuality.
hoar,hoar
hoare,Alternative form of hor
hobag,hobag
hoe,Alternative spelling of ho .
hoer,hoer
holy shit,God's poop
homey,homey
homo,Clipping of homosexual.
homodumbshit,homesexual
homoerotic,homoerotic
honkey,honkey
honky,A white  person.
hooch,A thatched hut, CHU, or any simple dwelling.
hookah,hookah
hooker,Any antiquated craft.
hoor,A Scottish word for whore.
hoore,A Scottish word for whore.
hootch,hootch
hooter,A nose, especially a large one. [from 1950s]
hooters,A woman's breasts.
hore,Actually thats the way "whore" is spelled in Norwegian...
horny,Sexually aroused.
hot carl,A sexual act of defecating on the face of a sexual partner, usually covered in plastic wrap.
hot chick,A very attractive female.
hotsex,something that is so hot and steamy
how to kill,Alright, first you need to find your victim. Get them alone, maybe in their car or in a park at night. Take chicken wire and choke them to death. After that you need to dispose of the body. There are many ways but some work better for your situation. A good way if you live near woods is to bury the body about 67 feet down. fill in the hole over half way then put a dead carcass of some animal, deer or dog works best. When the dogs go out and try to smell out the body, they will go crazy where the dog is buried. The person will dig up the dog and keep going because he will think the dog was mislead. Another good way is to chop the body up into little peaces and spread them around. Deserts are good places because the sun will dry it up and not many people look there. Lakesoceans are good places too but make sure that the pieces wont float back up. Burning the body can be good too, just make sure that you dont leave any teeth, police can check dental records. PS this is a joke, don't actually do this.
huevon,in latin culture, a lazy man. a huevon is a person who is so lazy that his testicles drag on the ground. derived from the use of the spanish word huevos eggs as a slang word for testicles. A huevona is a the female equivalent, although a bit less truetoform given the lack of a droopy ballsack!
huge fat,This fucking monster of a cock will make the panties of all the girls even guys completely soaked. this huge badonkadonk will distroy that vagine so hard it will be sent straight into oblivion.
hui,hui
hump,An act of sexual intercourse.
humped,humped
humping,Sexual intercourse.
hun,hun
hussy,hussy
hymen,hymen
inbred,Having an ancestry characterized by inbreeding.
incest,incest
injun,A Native American.
intercourse,intercourse
jack off,To masturbate.
jack-off,To masturbate until the point of ejaculation is reached.
jackass,A kind of bootleg liquor.
jackhole,An obnoxious or contemptible person.
jackoff,A jerkoff , a jerk, an asshole.
jaggi,A term used by elitist pricks in the videogame industry to describe a nonantialiased image with sharp edges. Generally only used when they can't think of anything else to lodge a complaint against.
jagoff,An irritating, inept, or repugnant person.
jail bait,jail bait
jailbait,A sexually mature person below, or appearing to be below, the legal age of consent, who is regarded, usually by an adult, as being "temptingly" attractive and/or seductive.
jap,To carry out a sneak attack upon .
jelly donut,jelly donut
jerk,A person with unlikable or obnoxious qualities and behavior, typically mean, self-centered, or disagreeable.
jerk off,An annoying person.
jerk-off,jerk-off
jerkass,An obnoxious or unlikeable person; a jerk.
jerkoff,Someone who behaves obnoxiously, rudely, inappropriately, or is ignorant of certain social norms, usually a male.
jigaboo,A black person
jiggaboo,jiggaboo
jiggerboo,A jiggerboo is a racial slur, commonly used to degrade a black person.
jisim,Sperm, ejaculate, warm cum that oozes from a juicy cock.
jism,Semen.
jiz,man juice
jizm,semen.  The stuff that comes out of your penis during a cum shot.
jizz,Male ejaculate; sperm, semen.
jock,A Scotsman.
juggs,juggspl
jungle bunny,A black person.
junglebunny,Another word to define an African American. Slang; or , a black person in a white community
junkie,A narcotics addict, especially a heroin user.
junky,Alternative spelling of junkie
kafir,kafir
kanker,Dutch word for cancer. Used obsessively by Dutch youth, both in real and on the internet.
kawk,A mispelling of lawl, often at an awkward and humiliating time.
kike,kike
kill,To sexually penetrate in a skillful way.
kinbaku,kinbaku
kinkster,kinkster
kinky,kinky
kkk,A group of redneck white people that are convinced that they are the greatest race. When in reality they are just making asses of themselves and getting laughed at by normal people.
klan,klan
knob,The penis; dick.
knob end,knob end
knobbing,A session of penetrative sexual intercourse.
knobead,One who's acts, words or simple presence in a room can make you want to beat the structure out of thier face bones. Literally a DickHead.
knobed,Sexual act where the female shoves a chicken leg up the males arse and rams it until he's ready to cum. Just as he's about to cum the female will place the empty meal bucket in front of the male and he has to ejaculate into the bucket, if he hits then he then takes the bucket and slams it on top of the girls head. If he misses then as punishment the female must eat the shitty chicken.
knobend,knobend
knobhead,knobhead
knobjocky,alexandender waterlander
knobjokey,A person who makes jokes about door and cabinet knobs, but is often misunderstood to be a knobjockey.
knulle,to fuck,to have sexual intercourse with.
kock,A rather... hilarious alternate name for the couple of Spock and Kirk from Star Trek TOS.
kooch,a pussy, female genitalia
kooches,a pussy, female genitalia
kootch,slang word for vagina, also slang for ashton kutcher.
kraut,kraut
kuksuger,Means dicksucker in scandinavia
kum,A chain of gas stationconvenience stores primarily in the Midwest, over half of which are currently located in Iowa.  The name is a play on the phrase "come and go" obviously but the initials are changed to reflect those of the parent company, Krause Gentle Corporation.  Many people have observed that the word "Kum" is closer in spelling and appearance to the word cum than "Come", giving the name an unintended sexual connotation... or perhaps that was the intent of Kraus Gentle Corp. all along, seeing as how Kum and Go is one of the few convenience stores to regularly carry pornography.  Whatever the reason, Kum and Go is a very successful branch of its parent company, and the number of stations are planned to nearly double by 2008.
kummer,When your boss ejaculates in your bum hole
kumming,A chain of gas stationconvenience stores primarily in the Midwest, over half of which are currently located in Iowa.  The name is a play on the phrase "come and go" obviously but the initials are changed to reflect those of the parent company, Krause Gentle Corporation.  Many people have observed that the word "Kum" is closer in spelling and appearance to the word cum than "Come", giving the name an unintended sexual connotation... or perhaps that was the intent of Kraus Gentle Corp. all along, seeing as how Kum and Go is one of the few convenience stores to regularly carry pornography.  Whatever the reason, Kum and Go is a very successful branch of its parent company, and the number of stations are planned to nearly double by 2008.
kums,A chain of gas stationconvenience stores primarily in the Midwest, over half of which are currently located in Iowa.  The name is a play on the phrase "come and go" obviously but the initials are changed to reflect those of the parent company, Krause Gentle Corporation.  Many people have observed that the word "Kum" is closer in spelling and appearance to the word cum than "Come", giving the name an unintended sexual connotation... or perhaps that was the intent of Kraus Gentle Corp. all along, seeing as how Kum and Go is one of the few convenience stores to regularly carry pornography.  Whatever the reason, Kum and Go is a very successful branch of its parent company, and the number of stations are planned to nearly double by 2008.
kunja,Slang for smoke,or meaning high, bringing peace to the body
kunt,Kunt is cunt, but it is a kewl way to avoid censorship in some ghey chatrooms or discussion boards over the internet.
kuntz,synonyms: huge, dickalicious
kurac,ok anyone who says kurac means dick in albanian is a dumbfuck. kurac means dick in Bosnian, Croatian and Serbain.
kurwa,There are 3 main meanings for the polish word kurwa:
kusi,Estonian for "piss" or "pee"
kwif,Pronounced "cweef"
kyke,kyke
kyrpa,A "Soft Cock",
labia,labiapl
lameass,An uncool person; a dork.
lardass,An overweight or obese person. [from late 20th c.]
lech,A strong, lecherous desire or craving.
lemon party,Closly related to the infamous "tubgirl" site. If one goes to www.lemonparty.org, you will withness a oldman threesome. One sucking dick and the other two making out. Possibly the most horrifing thing one man can ever witness.
len,Len Kagamine is the second vocaloid, along with Rin Kagamine, in Crypton Future Media's 'Character Vocal' series, including Miku Hatsune, Luka Megurine, and and unnamed CV04.
leper,leper
lesbian,lesbian
lesbo,Lesbian.
lez,Lesbian.
lezbian,Said to express anger or dislike of something. because lesbians are good and changing lesbians is bad.
lezbians,Said to express anger or dislike of something. because lesbians are good and changing lesbians is bad.
lezbo,lezbo
lezzie,A lesbian.
lezzy,lezzy
lipshits,Lipstick or other lip crud that accumulates on a person's coffee mug, soda can, drinking straw, etc.
lipshitz,The psychologist in the Rugrats
lmao,Alternative letter-case form of LMAO
lmfao,Alternative letter-case form of LMFAO.
loin,loin
loins,loinspl
lolita,lolita
looney,looney
lovemaking,lovemaking
lube,lube
lust,lust
lusting,lusting
lusty,lusty
m0f0,A shortened term for 'motherfucker' but also in l33t, using zero's instead of plain 'O's.
mafugly,Mother fuckin ugly
make me come,Something you say to your kids when your driving somewhere and they're irritating you.
masochist,masochist
massa,massa
master-bate,A good professional sounding name to use online or to write down on paper. People usually don't get it til they say it aloud.
masterbaiter,the wrong way to spell masturbate
masterbat,Widely uncommonly misspelt form of masturbator
masterbat*,Widely uncommonly misspelt form of masturbator
masterbations,A common mispelling of "masturbation" used by retarded twelve year olds who are neglected by their parents and listen to Linkin' Park.
masturbat,When a person is attractive enough for another person to be able to masturbate to them.
masturbate,To stimulate or please oneself by means of anything, not necessarily sexual, that does not get them anywhere; something that wastes their time; something that does not help others or achieve any important goal.
masturbation,masturbation
maxi,maxi
menage a trois,menage a trois
menses,mensespl
menstruate,menstruate
menstruation,menstruation
merd,Ordure; dung.
meth,A tramp.
mick,an Irishman
middle finger,middle finger
midget,midget
milf,milf  milves)
minge,The pubic hair and vulva.
minger,An unattractive or ugly person .
missionary position,missionary position
mo-fo,It's an abbreviation for "Mother Fucker".
mof0,mofo with a zero
mofo,Abbreviation of motherfucker.
molest,molest
mong,A person with Down's syndrome.
moo moo foo foo,It's a cat, but with cow like markings!
moolie,A black person.
moron,A stupid person; an idiot; a fool.
motha,a word used to describe someone, used when frustrated, or just a joke.
mothafuck,A rare breed of snakes, whose natural habitat is that of a plane. Shown extensivly in the movie snakes on a plane
mothafucka,mothafucka
mothafucked,A rare breed of snakes, whose natural habitat is that of a plane. Shown extensivly in the movie snakes on a plane
mothafucker,mothafucker
mothafuckin,A term which essentially means 'Chillin'', or simply relaxing at home. Taken from the movie Pineapple Express, in the scene where the drug dealer Red bounces a gym ball and explains how he has been spending his day, "tryna get a mothafuckin scholarship, chillin!"
mothafucking,A rare breed of snakes, whose natural habitat is that of a plane. Shown extensivly in the movie snakes on a plane
mothafuckings,A rare breed of snakes, whose natural habitat is that of a plane. Shown extensivly in the movie snakes on a plane
mothafucks,A rare breed of snakes, whose natural habitat is that of a plane. Shown extensivly in the movie snakes on a plane
mother fucker,mother fucker
motherfuck,A motherfucker.
motherfucka,Pronunciation spelling of motherfucker.
motherfucked,A common slang derived most popularly from a form of "yo momma jokes" but actually dating waaaay the hell back to the 1300's when it was considered the highest sin to sleep with ones own mother. Even above murder.
motherfucker,An extremely contemptible or mean person.
motherfuckin,motherfuckin
motherfucking,An intensifier, used in the same contexts as fucking, but more intense.
motherfuckings,A common slang derived most popularly from a form of "yo momma jokes" but actually dating waaaay the hell back to the 1300's when it was considered the highest sin to sleep with ones own mother. Even above murder.
motherfukkah,motherfukkah
motherfukker,motherfukker
mound of venus,The pubic region of the human female.  It is the raised pubis area.
mr hands,A man who got fucked up the ass by a horse, literally, and died.
muff,Female pubic hair; female genitals , like muffin. See Thesaurus:vagina.
muff diver,muff diver
muff puff,An otherwise desirable woman who smokes.
muffdiver,muffdiver
muffdiving,A very popular pasttime  eating pussy.
muie,blowjob  Romanian
mulkku,means "dick" in Finnish
munter,An ugly person.
murder,murder
mutha,mutha
muthafuckaz,A person, often of African origin, who fucks hisher mother, usually in the ghetto.
muthafucker,Like Asshole, Bastard, Bitch, badly, Bigtimest
muthafuker,one who fucks mothers. especially their girlfriend or best friends mother.
muther,muther
mutherfucker,ghetto spelling of motherfucker.
mutherfucking,ghetto spelling of motherfucker.
n1gga,Basically the N word but the i is a 1 so i dont get reported
n1gger,What a person says to get past a word filter, but is still very offensive to niggers.
nad,testicle
nads,The testicles.
naked,naked
napalm,napalm
nappy,nappy
nasty,Formidable, terrific; wicked. [from 20th c.]
nazi,nazi
nazism,nazism
need the dick,When you are extra gay, and are feeling extra horny.
negro,negro
neonazi,People who think they hate jews but in reality do not    even know what a jew is. Also notorious for their dislike of people with a skin colour not matching their own. The average neonazi has an IQ invertly proportional to their boot size and a penis to match.
nig,to behave as a stereotypical black person
nig nog,nig nog is a seasonal beverage that consists of 2 parts egg nog, and 3 parts schlitz malt liquor.
nig-nog,A foolish person; hence, a raw and unskilled recruit.
nigaboo,n Used to describe the offspring of a cold blooded nigga and a jigaboo.  The nigaboo are a nocturnal species only interested in drugs, bithes, and murder.  You can track them by following the blood trails strewn with needles and crack baggies.  Nigaboos are always armed in the wild, so proceed with caution.
nigg,The prejudice perceived by a black person when it's not actually there.
nigga,A close and loyal friend.
niggah,niggah
niggaz,plural of nigga
nigger,A black person; a person of black African descent.
niggle,niggle
niglet,A black child.
nigur,When describing something black people stereotypically do on a regular basis, this replaces the word 'figures'
nimrod,A foolish person; an idiot.
ninny,ninny
ninnyhammer,ninnyhammer
nipple,nipple
nob,The head.
nobhead,Alternative spelling of knobhead
nonce,A police informer, one who betrays a criminal enterprise [2000]
nooky,nooky
nsfw,Acronym: Not Suitable For Work.
nude,nude
nudity,nudity
numbnuts,A slow-witted, unresponsive, or inept person .
nut butter,nut butter
nut sack,Male scrotum.
nutbutter,n. cum
nutsack,The scrotum; ballsack.
nutten,Means All Bitches. All Hoes, all whores, all sluts, usually refered to womangirls who cheat, or look slutty, or just heat up your pants and then leave you just like that.....
nutter,An eccentric, insane, crazy or reckless person.
nympho,nympho
nymphomania,nymphomania
octopussy,octopussy
old bag,a nasty, troublesome old woman.
omg,Alternative form of OMG:
omorashi,omorashi
one guy one jar,that one video where a guy shoves a jar up his ass and it breaks
opiate,opiate
opium,opium
orafis,when giving a girl a rim job while playing with her vagina with your nose.
oral,oral
orally,orally
organ,The penis.
orgasim,The fucking idiot's alternative to 'orgasm,' which is a sexual climax.
orgasims,The fucking idiot's alternative to 'orgasm,' which is a sexual climax.
orgasm,orgasm
orgasmic,orgasmic
orgasum,the amazing feeling when you take of a really uncomfortable shoe.
orgy,orgy
oriface,One who spews words endlessly and endlessly, talking and jabbering on and on with no regard to anyone else's opinions or feelings, just babbling nonstop regardless of the situation or appropriateness and uses words incorrectly or outofcontext, involving the listener in some massively lame inside joke no one outside of a group of two or three people could possibly understand.
orifice,orifice
orospu,a word used to express whore in turkish
ovary,ovary
ovum,ovum
p0rn,A sekzy way of spelling "porn."
packie,A package store.
packy,Alternative spelling of packie
paddy,A white person.
paedophile,paedophile
paki,paki
pakie,paki is an OFFENSIVE SLUR, many people think it's just a short version for the word Pakistani but it was used by white british people whilst they bashed up people from South Asian descent and yelled the work paki whilst doing it. This was then called paki bashing. No one should say this word unless they are South Asian, periodt.
paky,paki is an OFFENSIVE SLUR, many people think it's just a short version for the word Pakistani but it was used by white british people whilst they bashed up people from South Asian descent and yelled the work paki whilst doing it. This was then called paki bashing. No one should say this word unless they are South Asian, periodt.
panooch,N: a pussy, vagina, cunt
pansy,A timid, weak man or boy; a wuss.
pantie,pantie
panties,pantiespl
panty,panty
paska,paska
pastie,pastie
pasty,white-skinned
pawn,pawn
pcp,Also known as angeldust. Probably the scariest of all drugs. Was used as a horse tranquilizer. Makes the user hallucinate, become extremely violent, and not feel anything. People have been known to do horrible things to themselves while under the influence of PCP. DO NOT USE PCP. DO NOT. IT WILL RUIN YOUR LIFE.
pecker,Short for peckerwood
peckerhead,A dickhead: an unpleasant, stupid or mean person.
pedo,a pedophile.
pedobear,A cartoon bear portrayed as pedophilic, typically featured in darkly humorous image macros.
pedophile,pedophile
pedophilia,pedophilia
pedophiliac,pedophiliac
pee,To drizzle.
peenus,A Peenu is a noose used to transform one's fingers into penis' thus making the user a Pensi.
peepee,peepee
pegging,pegging
pen1s,A large object. To large to hold or shove in your mouth.
penas,cute, adorable, dog lover, sweetest guy you'll ever meet, deserves an amazing girl, will always treat her right, loves his family, great snow boarder, allaround perfect guy, loving dork, cute, sweet,
penetrate,penetrate
penetration,penetration
penial,penial
penile,penile
penis,penis
penisbreath,one who's breath smells like penis.
penisfucker,One who fucks penis
penispuffer,barbara and asheley
penus,A mispelling of 'penis'.
perse,perse
perversion,perversion
peyote,peyote
phallic,phallic
phone sex,phone sex
phonesex,phonesex
phuck,Nonstandard spelling of fuck.
phuk,The new cool way to spell FUCK
phuked,A gangster way to say the word fuck or fucking.
phuker,When a character you like in a series, or movie dies in such a stupid way; you want to be mad at them, but you don't want to because you like them, but you feel like you want to because they did die in a way that was either pathetic or demeaning, or if they just stopped living or walked off frame and never came back. Then that makes it ok to call them a phuker.
phuking,A gangster way to say the word fuck or fucking.
phukked,The new cool way to spell FUCK
phukking,The new cool way to spell FUCK
phuks,The new cool way to spell FUCK
phuq,The right way to spell "fuck"
picka,Pussy in three languages; Bosnian, Croatian and Serbian.
piece of shit,A bad thing; an object of poor quality.
pigfucker,Term of abuse.
pikey,Associated with members of the above-mentioned underclass.
pillowbiter,A gay man getting nailed in the ass with his face buried in the pillow.
pillu,same as vittu in finnish
pimmel,German slang for penis. Less offensive insult and can be compared to the english term 'Wiener'. The word gained popularity in 2021 after a German politican was called a 'Pimmel' by a twitter user, resulting in a raid of that user's house by the police. The incident caused outrage by other users and politicians, as well as an onslaught of Memes, calling the measure unreasonable for such a minor insult.
pimp,A man who can easily attract women.
pimpis,Pimpis" is an latvian swearing word, that means "penis",
pinko,A socialist, particularly one who is not wholly communist. [from mid-1930s]
piss,Urine. [from 14th c.]
piss off,To leave, to go away. [from mid-20th c.]
piss pig,A gay man that loves to drink another mans piss.
piss-off,Feeling like you can kill everyone in 1000 mile radius.
pissed,Annoyed, angry.
pissed off,Very annoyed, upset, angry. [from mid-20th c.]
pisser,Someone or something impressive or remarkable.
pissflaps,The lips of a woman's vagina. Not just any lips...the ones that are GREAT big like a turkey gobbler.
pissin,The action in which a man pisses while ejaculating. Can be done by pissin' and jackin'; sometimes seen with two hands waving in a furious frenzy. Quite dangerous. Referred to in short by "PJ".
pissing,Used to express dislike of or annoyance towards the thing mentioned.
pissoff,adj. Containing the ability to anger andor annoy someone.
pisspig,Human Urinal
pizda,Russian for vagina, cunt, pussy. Can also mean ass in expressions like dat' pizdy and poluchit' pizdy "to kick someone's ass".
playboy,playboy
pleasure chest,A term often used to describe a womans breasts by gentlemen who enjoy partaking in the rich and rewarding pastime of Dutch fucking.
pms,ISO 639-3 language code for Piedmontese.
polac,polac
polack,A person of Polish descent, who is unfortunately targeted by ignoramuses and fools as being dumb and stupid. Yeah, and the BritishAmericans are the ones talking...
polak,a Polish Person
pole smoker,pole smoker
polesmoker,One who sucks the baloney pony  aka chows wang,  gives head, polishes helmet, etc.
pollock,pollock
ponyplay,ponyplay
poof,A male homosexual, especially one who is effeminate.
poon,Poontang, the vagina, or, intercourse with a woman.
poonani,Noun.  Slang word for the vagina. Pussy Cunt Muff
poonany,Noun.  Slang word for the vagina. Pussy Cunt Muff
poontang,Sexual intercourse with a woman.
poop,poop
poop chute,Anus.
poopchute,Rectal opening
porch monkey,porch monkey
porchmonkey,A "porchmonkey" is someone of negro origin that happens to be too lazy to sleep in their own home provided by benefit, so the negro sleeps on a white mans porch and becomes a porchmonkey.
porn,porn
porno,porno
pornography,pornography
pot,Ruin or deterioration.
potty,potty
pr0n,Alternative spelling of porn
pr1ck,often used in gay associations
preteen,preteen
prick,The penis. [from 16th c.]
prickteaser,A seductive woman, especially one who does not deliver what she promises.
prig,To filch or steal.
prince albert piercing,A bodypiercing of the penis, in which a metal ring which begins almost straight and is later bent, with pliers, into a round shape of various compositions some are Sterling Silver, some Gold, some Surgical Stainless Steel and various circumferences ranging from that of a U.S. dime to that of a U.S. quarter, is installed in the penis. The entry point is the frenulum which is that part of the penis located just behind the area where the glans tapers up, and the exit point is the urethra from which urine and semen flow. When performed by a competent Piercer, it's installation produces excruciating pain, but only of a second's duration. If you're contemplating getting one, insist on the Piercer's License, as to prevent contracting a STD.
prod,Alternative letter-case form of Prod
pron,pron
prostitute,To sacrifice  in return for profit or other advantage; to exploit for base purposes.
prude,prude
psycho,A person who is psychotic or otherwise insane.
pthc,Probably stands for PreTeen HardCore ponography involving children, often found in p2p networks. Most normal people probably would like to see those asociated with it killed.
pube,A single pubic hair.
pubes,pubespl
pubic,pubic
pubis,pubis
pula,Rain, used as an expression of greeting or good luck.
pule,pule
punani,The female genitalia.
punanny,Synonym for cunt.  West Indian origin
punkass,A young guy who has no power in the world except the power to annoy.
punky,punky
punta,punta
puss,The vulva .
pusse,A female cat's pussy.
pussi,Something you'll never get.
pussy,A coward; a weakling; an ineffectual, timid, or pathetic person. [from 20th c.]
pussy fart,An emission of air from the vagina, especially when audible.
pussy palace,An establishment frequented by more women than men.
pussyfart,The gas expelled from a pussy during sex 2. Someone stupid beyond all limits of polite conversation
pussylicking,someone who eats a lot of pussycunvagina
pussypounder,kid who thinks he can get any pussy in the world and that every girl sweats his nuts but ends up only getting dome piece from the same busted british chick every weekend
pussys,Something warm, wet, snuggly and sometimes furry that you can eat and still fuck it afterwords.
pust,Acronymn for Pent Up Sexual Tension.
puta,A prostitute, whore, slut, bitch, etc.
puto,puto
puuke,an individual that is acting extremely homosexual, or having a homosexual moment
queaf,n. The release of air from the vagina; a pussyfart.
queef,An emission of air from the vagina, especially when audible; vaginal flatulence.
queer,Drunk.
queerbait,A man who is attractive to queer/gay people.
queerhole,a generic insult, not necessarily meaning gay
queero,A person who is awesome at Rock Band or Guitar Hero, but who completely sucks at real guitar.
quicky,quicky
quim,The female genitalia; the vulva.
qweers,The wrong way to spell queer.
r-tard,retard
racy,racy
raghead,A Muslim, Arab, Hindu, Sikh, Indian or member of any group that traditionally wears a headdress such as a turban, keffiyeh or headscarf.
raging boner,An erection that is way out of fucking control.
rape,Overpowerment; utter defeat.
raper,raper
rapey,rapey
raping,raping
rapist,rapist
raunch,raunch
rautenberg,The best German last name on the planet. Meaning Lozenge Mountain.
recktum,What you name yourself when you like extremly aggressive buttsex.
rectal,rectal
rectum,rectum
rectus,rectus
reefer,reefer
reetard,noun: Distinct from retard. "Retards" are born in an involuntarily, and have no control over their development. "Reetards" on the other hand are in a voluntary state caused by being too lazy to think and having a delusional belief in one's own cleverness. A "reetard" is usually found flooding discussion forums and message boards with numerous inanities, and where permissable, accompanied by gargantu.sigs often with huge, flashing animated gifs. This "reetard" phenomenon of obsessively wanting to see one's own name or nick on screen wherever and whenever possible can be likened to a similar fascination that captive baboons have with seeing their reflections in mirrors  much to the amusement of the zoo going public. Unfortunately, "reetards" are rarely as amusing, except for brief flurries when they are used for sport before the communities they infest ultimately tire and give up.
reich,The 'Religious Reich' is a synonym for the Religious Right.  The Religious Reich favor the death penalty and are against abortion.  Generally regarded by the sophisticated as puritanical zealots, the Religious Reich would virtually erase all social advancements made by women, gays and lesbians over the last 100 years.
renob,Renob boner spelled backwords.
retard,retard
retarded,Extremely stupid. [from 20th c.]
reverse cowgirl,reverse cowgirl
revue,revue
rimjaw,vb Sexual position.  Putyour legs over your head and make someone lick your ass.
rimjob,rimjob
rimming,The act of performing a rim job; anilingus.
ritard,rEtard
rosy palm,With some kind of lubrication, rubbing the tip of your dick's head against the palm of your other hand.
rtard,stupid, pathetic, dumb, annoying
rubbish,rubbish
rum,A queer or odd person or thing.
rump,To fuck. .)
ruski,Definition: Slang for russian.
rusty trombone,The act of simultaneously performing anilingus and masturbating the penis.
s hit,Very emotional and may lead to severe depression caused by the deep feelings produced by this saying
s&m,its a fucking letter
s-o-b,Gaming language, means:
s.h.i.t.,An acronym that stands for "Sexual Harassment Investigation Team."  Because as we all know, 99% of "sexual harassment" claims these days are, in fact, a crock of  shit.
s.o.b.,Son of a bitch
sadism,sadism
sadist,sadist
sambo,A sandwich.
sand nigger,A person of Middle Eastern or North African descent.
sandbar,sandbar
sandnigger,sandnigger
sanger,sanger
santorum,Shit: rubbish, worthless matter, nonsense, bull. [from 21st c.]
sausage queen,a girl often attractive, but sometimes not who trolls male dominated subcultures ie: video games, RPGs, hardcore, metal for desperate males. Thier victims are usually "dorky" young men who don't have much experience with women due to being part of a male dominated subculture and are desperate for female attention. They play on these mens desire to meet a female who "understands them" and "is into the same stuff", and then manipulate them into servitude. Some use sex, some don't even have to go that far. Once they have acquired whatever they want from the victim, they split and leave him brokenhearted. They usually cheat on them, often with thier freindsother guys in thier respective subculture. Sausage Queens are quite often found on the internet. They're known to go on message boards where they know desperate dorky guys frequent and announce that they are female. They tend to have "girl" in thier username. They're also known to post scantily cladnude pictures of themselves. She becomes the center of attention and has her pick of victims.
scag,A woman of loose morals.
scank,a person who uses sex appeal to get what they want and will sleep around with random people. usually unattractive
scantily,scantily
scat,Heroin.
schaffer,A member of The Lonely Island, a comedy troupe that currently works on Saturday Night Live, Akiva Schaffer writes Saturday Night Live's Digital Shorts along with Jorma Taccone. They usually have third Lonely Island member Andy Samberg as the star. Akiva Schaffer directed The Lonely Island's film: Hot Rod, and has driected a number of music videos for We Are Scientists and Eagles of Death Metal, and more, as well as SNL's digital shorts. Akiva seems to be the least known and recognized member of The Lonely Island, though he has many fans and admirers. He is also called Kiv.
scheiss,German word for "crap" or "shit"
schizo,Schizophrenic.
schlampe,German for Slut.
schlong,A penis, especially a long one.
schmuck,A jerk; a person who is unlikable, detestable, or contemptible because he or she is stupid, foolish, clumsy, oafish, inept, malicious, or unpleasant.
scissoring,scissoring
screw,A prison guard.
screwed,fucked, beset with unfortunate circumstances that seem difficult or impossible to overcome; in imminent danger.
screwing,An act of sexual intercourse.
scroat,scroat
scrog,scrog
scrot,An abbreviation of scrotum.
scrote,A worthless obnoxious person; a gobshite or toerag.
scrotum,scrotum
scrud,Ross Geller
scum,A reprehensible person or persons.
seaman,seaman
seduce,seduce
seks,Spelling error on the word "sex".
semen,semen
sex,Genitalia: a penis or vagina.
sexcam,similar to cybering, is when two or more people video chat, often on skype or msn, and masturbate and engage in dirty talk. Often done with people between the ages of 1419 who are in a relationship over the internet. Common between to males, normally not out of the closet in the real world. Is a step above cyber sex, because you know the person is not a fakepedo, and it is a lot more personal. Sometimes is modified into wierd games, such as the first to cum is the winner.
sexual,sexual
sexuality,sexuality
sexually,sexually
sexx,cool, sweet, whoa, hot, etc.; way of saying "awesome!"
sexxx,Sexxx, not to be confused with just 'sex'. Sexxx describes something good, or can just replace the word good.
sexy,Sexual.
sh!+,Self Harm or Self Harming
sh!t,a censored version of the word shit. Often used on web forums or chat rooms to avoid swearing filters.
sh1t,Word for shit
sh1ts,Word for shit
shag,To have sexual intercourse with.
shagger,shagger
shaggin,Pimped out 60's  80's van usualy comes with a couch, waterbed, strobe lights, lava lamps.  Used for the specific purpose of getting laid andor high.
shagging,An act  of sexual intercourse.
sharmuta,slut or whore in arabic arab lang or tigrinia  eritrean lang or amharic ethiopian lang.
sharmute,Means bitch in Arabic
shaved beaver,refers to a woman who has shaved her pubic area her beaver
shaved pussy,Shaved Pussy is a term used for a pussy that has been shaved BALD. Not trimmed or little hitler. The end results leaves the area smooth and a whole lot cleaner. More and More men favor women with shaved pussy. The reason most men prefer shaved pussy is to avoid the "Popcorn Hull effect". Hair stuck in the base of the throat or a base of tounge
shemale,A male-to-female transsexual or transgender person; a trans woman.
shi+,AKA Sheik, classy overpriced and contemporary
shibari,shibari
shibary,japanese rope bondage
shirt lifter,Synonym of bottom: a homosexual man who is penetrated or prefers to be penetrated during anal sex.
shit,Solid excretory product evacuated from the bowels; feces.
shit ass,A jerk; an inappropriately or objectionably mean, inconsiderate, contemptible, obnoxious, intrusive, or rude person.
shit fucker,a shitfucker is someone who fucks shit.  they get some shit and they fuck it.
shitass,A jerk; an inappropriately or objectionably mean, inconsiderate, contemptible, obnoxious, intrusive, or rude person.
shitbag,A worthless or despicable person.
shitbagger,A word of disappointment or, anger.
shitblimp,A person who is simultaneously an asshole and remarkably stupid, a much more devastating way to call someone stupid.
shitbreath,Term of abuse.
shitcunt,Term of abuse.
shitdick,Term of abuse.
shite,A foolish or deceitful person.
shiteater,A coprophagous animal.
shitey,Shitty, worthless.
shitface,a contemptible person
shitfaced,Very drunk.
shitfuck,extremely/very bad
shitfucker,A stupid or otherwise undesirable person.
shitfull,Another word for brave.
shithead,A stupid or contemptible person.
shithole,A very dirty, poor or unpleasant place.
shithouse,A coward: one who is overly fearful or timid.
shitings,a very british and therefore great way of saying shit. shite sounds much more effective than shit
shits,Synonym of diarrhea.
shitspitter,noun A wannabe musical artist, singer or rapper, who has no talent. This person cannot rapsing andor spews out poorly written lyrics.
shitstain,shitstain
shitt,A fictitious football player featured with the likes of Kelly Goosecock and Danny Provolone in an NFL Filmsthemed parody in one of the early Camp Kill YourselfCKY videos that would become the blueprint for Jackass featuring such mainstays as Bam Margera, Chris Raab, Brandon DiCamilo and Rake Yohn.
shitter,An objectionable person or thing.
shittier,comparative form of shitty: more shitty
shittiest,superlative form of shitty: most shitty
shitting,The act of defecating
shitty,Under the influence of illicit drugs or alcohol; drunk; high.
shity,Alternative form of shitey
shitz,shitz is a pronoun used to refer to a "HeSheIt" person
shiz,shit; excrement
shiznit,stuff, things
shota,shota
sissy,To sissygasm .
skag,Alternative spelling of scag .
skank,A lewd and disreputable person, often female, especially an unattractive person with an air of tawdry promiscuity.
skankee,Skankees  1The REAL name for the NY Yankees 2A nickname for the gayest baseball team in the AL
skanky,in the manner of a skank
skeet,The ejaculation of semen.
skrib,A person who is both bad and good at games, dying at the simplest things yet clutching impossible odds.
skullfuck,skullfuck
slag,A woman  who has loose morals relating to sex; a slut.
slanteye,An Asian person.
slave,slave
sleaze,sleaze
sleazy,sleazy
slope,A person of Chinese or other East Asian descent.
slut,A sexually promiscuous woman or girl.
slut bucket,One who greatly enjoys being a gigantic slut, or cum guzzling whore, aka cum dumpster
slutbag,A promiscuous woman.
slutbucket,a word to describe a woman of loose morals
slutdumper,to dump someone that you were just hooking up with and not even actually dating. Usually done through an unceremonious medium like a text mesage or Facebook chat.
slutty,slutty
slutz,the plural of slut, changing the "s" to a "z" to give it a little something extra. can be used in ordinary speech to point out girls who have loose morals.
smartass,One who is particularly insolent, who tends to make snide remarks or jokes.
smeg,To mess up.
smegma,smegma
smut,smut
smutty,smutty
snatch,The vulva. [from 18th c.]
sniper,A player who specializes in scoring goals.
snuff,A murder.
sob,sob
sod off,Go away.
sodomize,sodomize
sodomy,sodomy
son of a bitch,An objectionable, despicable person.
son of a motherless goat,An objectionable person.
son of a whore,An objectionable person.
son-of-a-bitch,Alternative spelling of son of a bitch
sonofabitch,sonofabitch
souse,souse
soused,inebriated, drunk.
spac,verb: going mental or crazy about something. Getting mad.
spade,spade
spastic,Clumsy.
sperm,To ejaculate.
spic,A Latino; a person of Latin American descent.
spick,spick
spik,offensive for spanish speakers not just mexicans, because they use to say SPIK instead of SPEAK
spiks,offensive for spanish speakers not just mexicans, because they use to say SPIK instead of SPEAK
splooge,semen
spooge,Semen.
spook,A black person.
spread legs,When a girl most of the time spreads her legs for a big cock to go inside her tight moist pussy
spunk,Semen.
steamy,erotic
stfu,Alternative letter-case form of STFU.
stiffy,An erection of the penis.
stoned,Drunk; intoxicated by alcohol.
strap on,strap on
strapon,strapon
strappado,strappado
strip,strip
strip club,strip club
stroke,stroke
stupid,Amazing.
style doggy,A man positions himself behind his partner, and inserts his dck into his woman's vagina from behind.  She's usually bending over something, or on her hands and knees.  The guy can then pull her hair, and use her boobies for handles.
suck,Badness or mediocrity.
suckass,Like kissass, but worse. Much worse.
sucking,sucking
suicide girls,a webcommunity started by Missy Suicide, as a haven for the women of subcult to do artsy pinups. Peirced, tatooed, dyed and otherwise subculture girls coming together to take nude pictures. Recognized by playboy, Rolling Stones, and high end celebraties, its becoming a somewhat underground phenomena.
swastika,swastika
swinger,Anything very large, forcible, or astonishing.
sx,made by nissan the 240sx is a 2 door rear wheel sports car commonly used for drifting.  japan specs use a sr20det engine which is turbo charged.
t1t,An idiot of a reddit youtuber, aka the author of this definition
taff,A Welshman.
taig,A Catholic.
tainted love,love you have for a person that is so deep and feels like it should last forever, but it can't for some complicated, unfair reason. So when you have only a certain amount time left with the person you love, you know that it is tainted love. because although you would risk your life for them and think of them all the time even in your dreams, you can't be with them forever.
tampon,tampon
tard,A person with mental retardation.
tart,By extension, any woman with loose sexual morals.
taste my,a feeling that something is false or unfair, a feeling of ill will
tawdry,tawdry
teabagging,the act of a man inserting his scrotum in another person's mouth, in a similar motion as when a tea bag is juiced into a mug
teat,teat
terd,Mispelling of "turd". Along the same lines as "rheatard", "reetard", "masterbate", and "your" when not used correctly in a sentence.
teste,teste
testee,testee
testicle,testicle
testis,testis
threesome,threesome
throating,throating
thrust,thrust
thug,thug
thundercunt,An extremely objectionable person.
tied up,tied up
tight white,referring to any fine woman who your attracted to.
tinkle,tinkle
tit,A person's breast or nipple.
tit wank,tit wank
titfuck,titfuck
titi,titi
tities,A girls boobs or breasts if you will.
tits,Very good; awesome; amazing.
titt,When you get so excited about titties you spell it wrong when you type it out.
tittiefucker,when you put your dick between a girls boobs and she moves them up and down
titty,A breast.
tittyfuck,Alternative form of tit fuck
tittyfucker,when a man sticks his dick between my big 38D tits. :
tittywank,To have sexual intercourse by pushing the mans cock between a pair of breasts
titwank,An act of masturbating the penis between one's breasts.
toke,A gratuity.
tongue in a,n. The amazingly talented mass of muscle laying in the floor of the mouth.
toots,Babe, sweetie: a term used when addressing a young woman
topless,topless
tosser,A male who masturbates.
towelhead,A member of the Muslims, Arabs, Sikhs, and other groups that traditionally wear headdress such as a turban and keffiyeh or headscarf.
tramp,A homeless person; a vagabond.
tranny,A transsexual, transgender, or transvestite person, usually a trans woman.
transsexual,transsexual
trashy,trashy
tribadism,tribadism
tub girl,A popular shock image on the Internet. It features a naked Asian woman lying down in a bathtub with her buttocks pointed in the air. A stream of yellow fluid is coming out of her anus and landing upon her masked face. Her genitals are censored. It has often been compared to goatse.cx, another shock image.
tubgirl,Perhaps the one most disturbing graphic images available via internet access and in some countries, I'm sure there is a readilyavailable physical version as well.  Consists of a photograph of a large naked woman lying on her back in a bathtub, knees around her face, as an orangeyellow liquid is released from her rectum, flowing in an arc which ends in her own mouth.
turd,A piece of solid animal or human feces.
tush,Clipping of tusheroon, itself an alternative form of tosheroon.
tushy,tushy
twat,The vagina or vulva.
twathead,My mother's name for me.
twatlips,Inner city slang for oral simplex B: Herpes
twatty,Like a twat; foolish, objectionable.
twatwaffle,A contemptible person.
twink,A weak or effeminate man, whether gay or not.
twinkie,twinkie
two girls one cup,Disgusting movie on the web.  Two girls start licking each others chests, followed by one of the girls filling a pint glass with her own feces.  The movie goes on to show BOTH girls licking and sucking at the contents of the cup.  Later, one girl has a fine specimen that she squirts out of her mouth a few times before swallowing.  THEN the girls start pulling the trigger and puking in each others mouths!  WORST MOVIE ON THE WEB!  INCONCEIVABLE!!
twunt,A fool; an extremely objectionable person.
ugly,Ugliness.
unclefucker,A term of abuse, variant of motherfucker.
undies,undiespl
undressing,undressing
unwed,unwed
upskirt,upskirt
urinal,urinal
urine,urine
urophilia,urophilia
uterus,uterus
uzi,uzi
va-j-j,A slang word for a vagina.  Only said to hot chicks.
vag,vagina
vagina,vagina  vagin)
vajayjay,vajayjay
vajina,A missspelt way to say Vagina
valium,A pill taken to make you feel lose and happy. Puts you out of it for a really long time. You can forget alot too.. 4 days will go by so fast and you'll think its been one big day. Makes you pretty stupid and sticks with you for a while maybe 3 days. Also if you take any other things booze, pot, etc. it will like react to it. You can get drunk fast as hell.
venus mound,the oldfashioned way of calling a fupa
viagra,viagra
vibrator,vibrator
vigra,Helvete its just like hell
violet wand,violet wand
virgin,virgin
vixen,vixen
vjayjay,Vjayjay as it is so often used is slang for the well known word vagina.
vodka,vodka
vomit,vomit
vorarephilia,vorarephilia
voyeur,voyeur
voyuer,When someone watches other people engage in sexual acts.
vulgar,vulgar
vulva,vulva
wad,An ejaculation of semen.
wang,wang
wank,An undesirable person.
wanker,A person who wanks.
wankjob,an act of masturbation
wanky,Like a wanker; foolish or objectionable.
wazoo,The anus; ass.
wedgie,A prank in which a person's underpants are pulled up sharply from behind in order to wedge the clothing uncomfortably between the person's buttocks.
weed,weed
weenie,Someone weak and unimportant, a wimp.
weewee,weewee
weirdo,A strange, odd, eccentric person.
wench,wench
wet dream,wet dream
wetback,A Mexican or Central American who illegally enters the United States of America from its southern border.
wh0re,Someone addicted to the sounds of progressive music. A person who listens to progressive music on a constant basis.
white power,white power
whitey,A white person, a person of Western European descent.
whiz,To urinate.
whoar,A person who plays the game MapleStory and spends a lot of money on NX Cash to look "cooler" than those who don't have NX. They also look down on those without NX as if they are no lives.
whoralicious,Plentifully knowledged in the art of whoring.
whore,To overuse something.
whorealicious,When whoring is fabolous
whorebag,see whore
whoreface,a term of endearment that is sometimes used as an insult or expression of angerpain
whorehopper,whorehopper  n.; a derogatory term generally used to describe a sleazy male in a position of power, who uses his position to have sex with females; literally, a person who "hops on whores", i.e., a person who has sex with whores. The term does not appear to be in widespread usage, but tends to be applied more to sleazebag good ol boys from the American South. Newspapermagazine editors, certain U.S. Presidents, and record company executives are common targets of the attribution.
whorehouse,Brothel.
whoring,whoring
wigger,A white person, typically young and male, considered to be overly infatuated with African-American or  Afro-Caribbean culture, a white race traitor or cultural appropriator.
willies,williespl
willy,the penis.
window licker,A mentally handicapped person.
wiseass,wiseass
wog,Any dark-skinned person. It originally referred specifically to Indians, but later also applied to people of North African, Mediterranean, or Middle Eastern ancestry.
womb,womb
woody,woody
woose,A lightweight, a coward, a shitbag, a big girl's blouse.
wop,A person of Italian descent.
wrinkled starfish,Females anus after anal sex, similar to pink sock. This suggests anus sagging with flaps of skin or perhaps hemoroids.
x-rated,lewd, obscene x is the most censorious rating in a system that rates movies based on sexual content and violence
xx,kiss kiss
xxx,An abbreviation for kisses, usually placed at the end of a letter, often placed alongside ooo , or in a text message.
yaoi,yaoi
yeasty,yeasty
yellow showers,when a woman is going to cum but instead showers the partners genitalia with stinky pee.
yid,yid
yiffy,yiffy
yobbo,A yob.
yury,Explicit lesbian relationships in anime or manga
zibbi,Zibbi means "My Cock" in Arabic. Zibb, means cock, and when you add the i, becoming Zibbi, it becomes "My Cock". You go anywhere in North Africa and the Middle East, and they will know what Zibbi means.
zoophilia,Excessive fondness for animals.
zubb,Zubb is another for saying penis or dick In Arabic
